I'm extremely excited. Shaking in my boots, quivering. Oh, you were? Butterflies and my new new all day long. So excited to read this book with you. Yeah, besides you, what happens in between me down there? Who you want to buy my nasty merch? So bad. Oh, yeah. Buy it. Buy it. Come on. I know you wanted baby girl. Guys, I need to share something so insane with you. I've literally never seen anything like it, and I'm in shock. The first collection of silent toys are here. You heard that right. Silence. The brains of a lesa created what they call whisper attack. And it's not how delivered us on a sort of a toy. In all shapes that hit all the spots. In silence. What? Yes. So you heard that right. It's so insane. They're all so quiet. No noise, full power, and hit all the spots. Of course I got to hook you up. So I'm doing a giveaway with a lesa. So literally everyone wants a free toy. Meet the whisper collection. The world's first silent vibrators. The lesa's new whisper attack makes sure that you never need to choose between power and discretion. These toys are so luxurious. Anesthetic that pack a serious punch. They're powerful. Let's somehow completely quiet. I don't get it, but I love it. You can put your pleasure first without waking up the entire house. And now in whatever format you prefer. You know and love the whisper bullet. A silent bullet vibe with five speeds. It's tiny, literally notable. Power is insane. Then there's the whisper rabbit, the whisper vibe, and the whisper wand, which both have six, six. Vibration speeds. Whisper Vod gives you the quietest G-spot simulation you will ever find. The whisper rabbit has independently adjustable clip and G-spot stimulators. And the whisper wand delivers deep, rumbly vibrations in case you wanna step it up another notch. But still, in silence. Did I also mention how soft they are? Honestly, this collection is insane. And you have to see it, not hear it, to believe it. And that's why I'm looking you all up. You're welcome. Everyone who signs up wins a free whisper vibe or a free viral rose suction toy with any whisper purchase. Click the like in my description and grab yourself a new vibe. The big question is, they'll stay silent, but can you? Thank you so much for lots of her spasuries, video. Simultaneously, really stressed out because every time I keep reading it, I'm like, I feel abrasive by making you read this. Even though it was Jake's idea to read heated rivalry. And I was like, yes, absolutely. I wanna show my support. I wanna show my allieship. I wanna show. I wanna show. I love men kissing. I love gay men. I love gay people. I wanna show that. I'm looking that up on YouTube by your parents. Yes. When I was reading this, I was like, I was blushing. I felt, what's another word for like feeling embarrassed? I was feeling bashful. Like while I was, I was, I was, when I was highlighting this, I felt, I felt bashful. You read Smut all the time. So this is like must be not a completely different level. This is the smuddiest book I've ever read. Because most of the books I read, I would categorize them as romance. This one, I will say here. They're so romance. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It is the most romantic book. I remember it. It is the one that has made me the most happy. It is the most romantic and beautiful love story in my opinion. Really? Are you being so genuine right now? I'm being so genuine right now. Oh wow. Simultaneously, it is also the smuddiest. Out of all the romance, like I, I think there might be something wrong with me. Like maybe I just don't, like, you're like, I kind of need, I need like the really like raucous six years. Like for it to work. I, I don't know. I will discuss at the end. We'll discuss at the end. I do have real genuine thoughts. And I did spoiler alert. I did like this book. I did like, I don't think, okay, I'm not going to sit here and be like, it's literature. Like I'm not going to sit here and be like, this should be, what's the word called when you have to read in school? Required reading. Required reading. I'm not going to sit here and be like, oh, this needs to be required reading. But for adults, like, yeah, I, they should read it. Absolutely. Damn, do you think I'm going to leave this and want to read the whole thing? No, because Jake has this thing where Jake can't consume gay media because Jake does get sad. Well, this is actually will be my second gay hockey novel. Yeah. So, and I couldn't assume the other one just fine. Yeah, okay. All right, okay. I, I consumed it. This is my second hockey book. So you can read gay books, but you can't watch gay shows or movies. Drew Starky did something to me and queer, where I literally went down, like, a depression spiral for like three weeks because of how attractive he was in the movie. Like, I was like, I'm never going to look like that. The journey is usually the part that you remember anyways. So we can't watch this together. This is a show I want to watch. I don't know what you want to watch with me. I want to watch it a little. I don't know that I, I don't know that I want to like, yeah, exactly. Don't you want like, I have one hand. Everyone is talking about this book because it got turned into a show obvious. Like, if you didn't know, well, it's the elephant in the room. We don't even have the book. No, because you can't buy the book. So I tried it for freaks sold out this fucking book for every single video where we do a book reading. I try and have the physical books so I can highlight them and we can hold them. And I, I like that. And then we go and donate the books always at the end to a little library. What if we put it in what if we put heated rivalry in the little library? Imagine imagine their children in our neighborhood girl. Would they animated cover on the front? It looks like it would be like a children's book. Yeah. I did. That whole genre of the animated drawn covers. No, it's very misleading because you were saying you were like, it's really graphic. And I was like, really? Because it looks like a wide novel. No, that's how all of the smuddiest of the books are. If it's like a solid block at their face, I'm like, they don't have any like features or whatever. You can bet they're having the most rocket tax. No, they are. They are. Yeah, let's put the iPad and the computer inside the little library. So that everybody can be. The kids are going to love this one. Can be well read. But everything sold out. I tried to buy it online. The cheapest that I found to buy the book online was $80 for a physical copy. Oh my God. And everyone like when I said that I was reading it, my friends were like, where? Where did you get it? I'm like kindle.com. Oh my God. Yeah. Wow, people are feigning for it. Yeah. You know, this just shows you like the people yearn. Gayset. Prologue. He did rivalry. A spicy gay hockey romance game changers book two. So it's like a whole it's a it's a woman in Canada. And she just writes all these gay hockey books. Damn, how does she know so much about it? That's what I want. That's the same. What is the same thing that the person who makes puck boys, the puck boys series does? He has like seven books and they're all the same exact book essentially just with like different characters and different sex. But he's a man. But he's a man. So I'm wondering how this sags up. How much does she know? How does she know that? And also can she teach me? October 2016. Montreal. So we're in Canada. Okay. Okay. Because gay shit does not happen in America. No, it's not. So you're both of them because you also have the accent of the Russian. Okay. So Russian and Polish is not the fucking same. He endured two periods and 12 minutes of one of the most frustrating hockey games he'd ever played. It should have been a glorious win at home for his Montreal voyagers against their archrivals, the Boston Bears. Oh, the Bears. One man had capitalized more than anyone. The most hated man in Montreal. Ilya rose enough. The near-century old rivalry between the Montreal and Boston NHL teams had over the past six seasons become personified by Hollander and Rosanov. Their intense animosity was clear even to the fans and the furthest cheapest seats. Having a good night, Rosanov asked cheerfully his hazelized sparkled the way they always did when he was talking shit. You Hollander growled still time for a hat trick, I think. Let's see. This is where they start to lose. They're enemies to lawyers. Well, well, well, well, I, well, I, when they start talking about hockey, my eyes glaze over. I wait out when someone explains board games to me. Like, somehow I was like turning the page and I like wasn't even reading. The way I'm like, well read about this, so like I kind of understand. About hockey? This is my second gay fucking hockey novel. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Sorry. So time for a hat trick. His English barely comprehensible between a stick accident as Malfgaard should I go now or wait until last minute. More exciting, that's why yes. Hollander gritted his teeth around his own Malfgaard and didn't answer shut up, Rosanov. The referee said last warning, Rosanov stopped talking, but he managed to fight an even more effective way of getting under Hollander's skin. He winked. And then he won the face off. And then he missed face off. Sorry. A semi-circle of cameras. Sorry. A semi-circle of cameras lights and microphones formed around him. Hey guys, Shane said tightly. They asked their boring questions and Shane gave them boring answers. What could he even say? They'd lost. It was a hockey game and one team lost. And that team was his team. Do you want to know what Rosanov just said about you? One of the reporters asked leafly, something nice I assume. He said he wished you'd been playing tonight. The crowd of reporters was silent. Waiting Shane stored in shook his head well. We play in Boston in three weeks. To let him know that I will definitely be at that game. The reporters laughed delighted that they had gotten their Hollander versus Rosanov sound bite for the night. And our later shower changed and finally alone. Shane drove himself home. Not to his west mount penthouse. Are you? What are you doing? I'm rocking in my little chair. Not to his west mount penthouse, but to one nobody knew about Shane only spent a few nights a year at the small condominium in the plateau. Who's where he went when he wanted to be sure of total privacy? Popcorn Jake. The condominium on the third floor looked like what it was. A demo condo that had been decorated by a professional house stager. Did not hit the door. Came almost four years later. It had been enough time that Shane had almost convinced himself to leave. To put an end to this foolishness, but of course he hadn't. And if the knock had come hours later, even Shane would still have been on the sofa waiting for it. He opened the door. What the fuck took you so long? He asked annoyed. We were celebrating. Is this Ilya? We were celebrating. We don't even know if that's Ilya. Okay, we were so sorry. You offensive piece of shit. I just was so stupid. We were celebrating big win tonight. Big win. You don't know if he's Russian. You know. Shane stepped back to let the tall smirking Russian man into the apartment. Yeah, no quote. I got away as soon as I could. I got away as soon as I can't do a fucking Russian accent. Ross and I've said his tone less teasing. Didn't want to draw attention, right? Sure. And that was last word Shane got out before Ross and I was mad with a crash into his. Shane gripped his leather jacket with both hands and pulled him closer as he kissed Ross and I've breathless. How long do you have Shane asked quickly when they had broken par for air? Two hours maybe. Fuck. He kissed Ross and I've began rough and needy. God, he needed this, this horrible fuck the thing. I think that's a lot of time. Yeah, two hours. Yeah, absolutely. No, no, they were like we don't have a lot of time. Like that is part of the context of him saying fuck is like, oh no, there is no time. What? Two hours? No, I think he's saying like fuck, we have so much time. I think I would know. I think I would know. This is not gonna be the sexiest two hours of my life. I think the author thinks that gay sex takes longer. You think? I think it takes a shorter amount of time. No, because she's like, well there is more preparation involved. So if he doesn't compare, they grapple and maneuver each other until they reach the bedroom. Where's Shane? Ross and I'll roughly get, I'm just gonna call him row. Cause you, oh, oh, oh, oh, I wish that they would just go by Ilya and then it's um. Oh, what's the reason for that? Why they go by last time? Really? Yeah, he shows. He can't pronounce Ilya. Shane, Shane, Ross and I'll roughly get the wall and continue kissing him. He felt the familiar slide. It was Rival's tongue in his mouth and slid his own tongue over teeth that had been fixed and replaced God knew how many times. Don't do that. Don't slide your tongue over my veneers. He wanted a lot tonight. Oh, okay, yeah. But they didn't have time for a lot. See? That's what I'm saying. What are you talking about? That's what I'm saying. Girl, that's what I'm saying. It takes you two hours to unbuckle your belt. That's what I'm like. I'm like two hours. I'm like, they have the time. I don't have the time for gay sex anymore. I am. Seriously, we're all like, we have work to do. We have to record this video right now. Like no time. Shane watched the other man drop his jacket on the floor and pulled his t-shirt off over his head. Other man. Whether she's talking about the two men, I don't love when she goes the other man. The other man. Like, it's, it's, she's reminding you. She's like, Rosanov, man, Shane, man. A gold chain hung crookedly around Rosanov's neck. A shiny crucifix resting on his left clavicle just above the famous ridiculous tattoo of a Snarling Grizzly bear. For Russia. I had it before, before playing for the bears on his chest. So it's more like, for Russia. I was like, I got a bear on her. Shane would make fun of it later. Right now, all he could do was watch Rosanov strip off his clothes and bleededly, no, and belatedly realize that he should be doing the same. Bleededly like, dates, both took off everything. And Rosanov fell on top of Shane kissing him and moving a hand down to grass is embarrassing. We're children. I was like, Jake, like this is a lot. I'm like, we're going to have to censor a lot. And he's like, what do you mean? And I'm like, there's a lot of the word, it's embarrassing. Basically the word is it embarrassing, rigid. It's so funny. Shane arched up to his touch. Oh my god, making stupid desperate noises. Don't worry, Hollander. Rosanov said his lips rushing, Shane's ear coming from like you like you want. Yes. I'm going to like you like you want this. That's how he said it. This is offensive to Russians. Is it? No, not you. Not you. Well, maybe I'm not Russian. I don't know, I can't speak for them. Rosanov slid down his body kissing sucking, licking. I'm telling you, he reached Shane's. He didn't tease Eddie further. He took him into his mouth and Shane was grateful that they were all low in the building because his mode echoed throughout the sports week. I can't remember. There's nothing there. It's a mattress all the fucking floor. Rosanov was a stunning man, light brown curls that were always a mess fell into his playful hazel eyes over his dark thick brows. His strong jaw and cleft chin were covered in stubble. His smile was lopsided and lazy. His teeth were unnaturally white due to most of them not being real. I'm sorry, I don't mean they keep interrupting you. Sorry. For new teeth are great. I just all know. I really like them. Although this is the author's description and I do love who they chose for Ilya for the show, who by the way is just a young smurn off from stranger things. Alexi. Yes. He looks just like a young Alexi. But in my head, have you ever watched Ted Lasso? Yes. I've seen many episodes. I know the one with the deep voice and the big eyebrows. In my head, that's how I pictured him. Because they're saying. Because when I saw this guy, I was like, no, that seems to be wrong. Even though this is the author's description. I hated him, but Rosanov was really good at singing. And he was sick of you for whatever reason, willing. That was important. Rosanov worked his talented mouth on Shane's and Shane tossed the loop down the bed from the well-stocked nightstand. Oh, they have a lot of loop. Rosanov's showing it without pausing what he was doing and poured some on his fingers so he could get to work opening Shane up. This is the pussy palace. Oh, god. Mark, opening him up. They don't talk about like bottoming prep, though, at all. In this? Yeah. They're doing it kind of. Yeah, but not like the reprobbed. But this is like, that is, that is like, loosening him up. This is the most that they go into it. Wow. This was never Shane's favorite part because he felt so fucking vulnerable. He felt weak and ridiculous. Every time they were together like this, but he always felt it most acutely when Rosanov had his fingers inside of him. As a result, the preparation usually took a while. Relax. Yeah. Time to time. But enough. Damn, they really don't think that two hours and a half times. That's what I'm saying. I feel like it's been five minutes and they've gotten to work pretty fast because his fingers are inside of him. No, literally. When he was ready, Shane wordlessly had Rosanov a condom. Before rolling over and getting on his hands and knees, he couldn't look at Rosanov not tonight, not after that humiliating loss. Not only do you lose your fucking career game. Yeah, but now you're doing a dog style. Yeah. You're going to put me in a holander. Okay, this is crazy. People are actually going to clip this. This was going to, and he did. He punched him at his and sore loudly and coated Rosanov's fist with his release. Why are they so angry all the time? No, I don't understand why they thought this would take two hours. That's why I'm saying. Or they're going to do it again. That's talent. That's not it. They must really be into each other. I think a lot of this book from what I understand, it seems accurate, but I don't know if everything Rachel Reader, who ever wrote this book, I don't know. It's kind of fun because usually you're teaching me about the vagina. I know. And now I'm like, I'm like, oh, the tables have turned. I should be sitting on that side of the table. Really? I don't know. Did Rosanov get the chance to like, oh, yeah, Rosanov picked up speed behind him, sending aftershocks, rocketing through Shane's body. But I, with each thrust, but I wanted to save some. I can't include every single part of every second. I can do every thrust. We would be here all night. And with you anytime. I needed to be selective. No, you're right. No, good, good on you. But just for the record, Rosanov, he got his, what, what do they call it? Like back? Like back to work. Afterwork. They lay on their backs, take each other. And Shane felt the familiar aftermath of guilt and shame creeping. Well, you won something tonight, Rosanov mused. God. God. Shane lifted his arm to flip him off. But Rosanov got his wrist and pulled him over. So Shane was on top of his chest, looking down at him. Still have that stupid tattoo. I see Shane said quickly to distract himself from whatever the fuck was happening. Oh, Rosanov said the obnoxious little grin returning to his face. He missed you. His bear tattoo. It's not gonna suddenly go away. You just like, fucked him like a few weeks ago. It's not gonna go away. But you know what? They were talking about they don't have a lot of time for like the cuddles afterwards in a hole. Not everything's about sex. That's really good. That's so true. Yeah, it's called aftercare. I don't know. It doesn't seem like it. Because then actually I didn't want to go pee after sex. You're supposed to pee after sex. Oh, oh my god. No. And then the NHL is like, why do all of you have UTIs all the fine time? I have to go, Rosanov said. He sounded like he truly regretted it. Shower first. But then maybe I have to get back to the hotel. I know. They showered together and Shane dropped to his knees because he couldn't let Rosanov go without tasting him. It was bad enough that he loved being so much that he loved that he loved having a fucking mouth. But for it to have to be this son of a plate that on the extremely rare occasion when it wasn't Shane was left wanting, maybe it wasn't just that this was convenient. But that was something Shane didn't want to think about. He brought Rosanov right to the brink and then pulled off catching the man's release on his chin and lips and probably on his neck. I thought that was the funniest line ever. Probably on his neck. Like as if that's like, oh, scandal probably on his neck. He said a **** in your ass. Yeah. I thought that was probably on his neck. I do think that Shane is green team and then Ilya is squirt squad. Sorry. Oh. Thank God you asked me to do it. My like professionalism in like the real world. It's already gone. I have basically a hand tattoo. It's like, you know, I'm never going to get a real job. Shit Rosanov said, still standing with his head leaning back against the tile where Shane was sitting. You've been practicing that Hollander? No Shane Grumbald. No. You've been saving it for me. Shane didn't reply with what was as good as confirmation. The thing that you do is a Catholic person. Probably laughed. You need to get laid Hollander. Waiting for a quick **** every couple months isn't healthy. I'm not waiting. She said it wasn't alive. He obviously wasn't 100% straight. But having sex with women didn't repulse him. It just didn't do it for him like mended. I'm chronicle. Jigs of Luzard. This is like my third breed through because now I've had to read this now. Highlight this like I'm like, yeah, whatever. You're like, yeah, he's stuck. Inside my title. Inside my title. Paul. I'm going to ruin Christmas by showing the whole family. He didn't rivalry. Chapter one December 2008. Regina. Ilya Rose enough, trudged the bitter cold of the hotel parking lot to the team bus like most of his teammates. It was the first time in North America. He had expected to feel more overwhelmed by that. But Saskatchewan was hardly New York City. I know every gay person has been Saskatchewan ever. It was two days before Christmas, but the world's best Hockey players Christmas meant the world during your hockey championship. It is Christmas. There is Christmas in this. I was asking you, you said no. We wanted our my Christmas tree in this video, but we couldn't fit it. We didn't know where to put it. And then it just didn't work out. And then Jigs like, is there Christmas in this book? And I was like, no, there is Christmas on the very first page. Both Ilya and Hollander were eligible for the NHL entry draft that coming June, but they were already expected coming. Already expected to be the number one and two overall picks. They expected order of these two picks, depending on who you asked. Ilya knew his answer. He had never met Shane Hollander and never played against him, but he was already determined to destroy his whole. Ilya is strong. He's gonna say bad. Okay. Oh. Oh. Ilya shrugged and made his way to the vending machine. He bought himself a bottle of Coke and wondered if he could slip outside for a quick smoke before getting back on the bus. You're supposed to smoke over there, someone said it took Ilya a moment to translate all the words. He turned to see the person that he now definitely recognize as Shane Hollander. Some of his features were clearly from his mother. Jack Black hair, very dark eyes, but his father was some kind of bland, anger, low European heritage. His skin however was flawless, distractingly so. His own carology, smooth and tan. And this was his most striking feature, a smattering of dark freckles across his naos and cheekbones. I'm surprised you smoke Hollander said, okay. Okay. You said, exhaling a long stream of smoke between his lips. It was on comfortable silence and then Hollander made another attempt at conversation. I wanted to meet you. He said extending his hand, Shane Hollander, Ilias stared at him and then felt his lips twitch a bit. Yes. He said, he pinched the cigarette between his lips and took Hollander's hand. You're an awesome player to watch Hollander said, I know. If Hollander was expecting Ilias to return the compliment, he was going to be waiting a long, down time. In the car, Shane told his parents that he had been talking to Ilias Rosenoff. What's he like? His mother asked, kind of a f***. Shane said, June 2009, Los Angeles. Shane? Could you move a little closer to Ilias, please? Shane felt Ilias Rosenoff's arm brush against him as he stepped closer to him for the photographer. That's perfect. Alright, smile boys. Shane had spent the last six months since the world's juniors being a little bit obsessed with Ilias Rosenoff. They had quite a bit in common and career wise. They were both the captains of the respective teams and had both led their teams to the championship that season. Both had been scoring leaders of their respective leagues. My eyes are literally glazing over as the Ilias. I'm like, this is important. I can't just highlight the sex. The only difference between them was that Shane had a silver medal at home and Rosenoff had gold. And now Shane had come in second place again after a life of always coming first in hockey. This f***ing goes. I remember when guys in my high school would say that about like their friends, they'd be like, this f***ing guy. This f***ing guy. Adding to the drama of the day was the fact that Rosenoff had been drafted by Montreal's art rivals, the Boston Bears. Shane knew his career was now going to be in his scapegoly link to Rosenoff's. Shane felt short. He had turned 18 last month, but he felt like a kid. Rosenoff had turned 18 too just last week, which Shane knew because he was obsessed with them. That night in his private hotel room, his proud parents were across the hall. Shane couldn't sleep. The gym was merciless. The gym was mercilessfully. Mercilfully? The gym was empty. Shane stepped on to one of the two treadmills and started running at a gentle pace. He didn't wear headphones. He just lost himself in the noise of the machine and he's like actually a psychopath. He didn't notice when someone else entered the gym. He only realized that he wasn't allowing the other men stepped onto the treadmill next to him. Ilya Rosenoff gave him a quick nod and turned to face the white wall at the front of the room as he started running alongside Shane. Shane tried to ignore Rosenoff's presence. There was nothing weird about it. He must have been having trouble sleeping too, where maybe he always hit the gym after midnight. Rosenoff increased his speed on his machine. He didn't glance at Shane at all because Shane was headying competitive. He increased his speed on his own machine just a little faster than Rosenoff's. They kept up that pace for another minute or two and Shane finally slammed his hand on the emergency stop button and stumbled off. He leaned against the back wall, gasping for breath before sliding down to sit on the floor. Rosenoff stopped his own machine and was holding onto the console for support. Shane weased. Rosenoff laughed and joined him on the floor, wedging him between the corner and sitting perpendicular to Shane. Rosenoff ran a hand through his damp hair and a move that was more interesting to Shane than it should have been. Rosenoff was so masculine. Who's on T? Shane was baby-faced and short and couldn't grow proper facial hair and barely had chest hair. Rosenoff was almost exactly the same age as him, but he looked like he had crossed over a magical line to adulthood. Popcorn Jake. Rosenoff took a long haul from his water bottle. Shane pretended he was only looking longingly at the way his throat worked because he had forgotten to bring a bottle for himself. It wasn't until Rosenoff's Adam Apple stopped bobbing and his lips were- Was Ilya Apple? And his lips were dark and glistening to Shane realize he was staring. The lips worked up a bit and Rosenoff extended his arm offering Shane his water bottle. M. Alright, thanks. It was the first time that Shane felt it. It was like the air in the room had thickened. Everything inside him was buzzing and on edge. Like he was about to jump out of the plane. He didn't know if Rosenoff felt anything, but in that moment Shane wanted something. He couldn't even name it. He passed the water bottle back. This time he could swear Rosenoff let his finger brush Shane's wrist on purpose. It was a moment that seemed to last forever that was probably less than a second. Shane wanted Rosenoff to touch him again. Shane wanted to touch him back. Maybe Shane wanted to kiss him. Shane scribbled his feet. I'm going to bed. I guess I'll see you around, right? Rosenoff looked up at him from the floor. You'll be seeing plenty of me. Fuck with that. He had never- Jesus Christ, he had a girlfriend. He wasn't. A girlfriend you're hoping will break up with you. She didn't even come on this trip to see you get drafted. Well that was true, but she had just started this new summer job and you haven't thought about her all day until right now. You haven't even called her yet. Yeah, alright. Maybe it wasn't really working out with her. It wasn't like she was the only girl he'd ever done stuff with. You're half hard right now from sitting on the gym floor with another man. My mom would be screaming. She's like, get the fuck up. You're gonna get a UTI. You're gonna get a UTI. You're gonna get a UTI on the floor. You're having a hard time on a cold concrete floor. You're fucked, man. Okay, that one he couldn't explain, but he could get in the shower and jerk off and try like hell to think about his girlfriend or any girl. Anything other than those red wet lips that are stubble in those hate lies for the rest of his life. Shane Hollander would have to live with the fact that he had ended his NHL draft day by getting himself off to the thoughts of Ilya Rosanov. I don't know what you're doing. December 2009, Ottawa. In Shawlaw Shane gets what he wants. He does. We know he does. He gets Ilya's. Okay, so true. Well, okay, so true. There was no mistaking that Ottawa was Shane Hollander's hometown. He was Shane Hollander fucking mania here. His face and his freckles were everywhere. Newspapers, television, buses, banners, and the side of buildings. Of course Hollander was from Canada's capital city. Of course the city was as inoffensive and bland as he was. Ilya would be moving to Boston this summer to America. He had never been out of Russia for more than a couple of weeks at a time. He would begin his NHL career. He would be rich and famous. He would be his own man away from his family. He sat up on the bed and grabbed a package of nicotine gum off his nice tan. He popped a piece into his mouth and frowned to see chewed it. Oh, he's trying to stop smoking because he had that conversation with Ilya. Bird with Hollander. He wanted a real cigarette. He wanted to fuck some. He wanted to go down to the hotel gym and find Shane Hollander on the treadmill. But Shane Hollander wasn't saying at the hotel that night in the hotel gym in Los Angeles six months ago now. Ilya had very nearly embarrassed himself. He probably could have covered up with his usual cocky charm. He's cocky charm. But he had been damn close to flaring with Hollander or possibly just pressing him against the wall and taking his mouth. The thing was he wasn't so sure that Hollander would have hated it. Ilya had probably in his rough estimate dozens of women since then. He certainly had no reason to obsess over his arch rival or his arch rivals freckles or his dark eyes by the way, his cheek is red when he's hurt himself. This is Shane. He had mostly forgotten the way that it felt when Ross and I had brushes fingers against his hand when he handed him the water ball at the hotel gym six months ago. So Shane had gone back to his life as usual after that night. He'd broken up with his girlfriend, but that had been overdue anyway. There's one other thing that had changed. Shane found himself noticing men. Not his teammates or his friends or anyone like that. Just like a guy at the airport starbucks or a guy who had been in the serial aisle of the grocery store in Kingston a few weeks ago. It's not like he wasn't in to girls. Girls were very important to him and they were throwing themselves. Girls were very into him. Girls were not important to him. They were just into him. Girls were very into him and they were throwing themselves at him. Now that he was about to become a millionaire superstar. So yeah, he'd been hooking up with girls, plenty of girls. Like at least two girls. Since breaking up with his girlfriend. Not like all the way to the next but like stuff. He had definitely been blown by two different girls to July and he had enjoyed it. It was his head tilted back and his eyes closed. He hadn't thought about Ilya Rosanna Stark with lips or his crooked smile at all. Are you getting tired of second place Rosanna smirked? I'm winning this game Shane growled. There's not an eye in team. There's an eye in suck my f***. Buffernical. July 2010 Toronto. Oh my god, what if Drake makes an appearance? Shane had signed a lucrative endorsement deal with CCM, one of the biggest hockey equipment companies. He hadn't played a single game in the NHL yet so he was pretty stoked about it. Then he found out that the CCM had also signed Rosanna off and then he went out. That they wanted to launch an ad campaign with both of them together. Shane was getting used to photo shoots and having cameras on him in general. This seemed like a bigger production than he was used to. This felt like he was starring in a movie. Co-starring. They held the post for what felt like an eternity with their faces inched apart, staring into each other's eyes. Trying to laugh fellas. The director said I know it'll be challenging. Laughing was not what Shane was worried about. He needed to relax his eyes so Rosanna features blurred. To keep himself from staring at the man's lips, me, me, like doing anything. Like I'm like my eyes are glazing over. Listening to board game rules. Reading about sports. Anytime a man is speaking to me. A little more intense in your eyes if you could, Shane. Shane undressed quickly and then went into the shower which was like most ranks communal style with a row of shower heads facing each other on both sides of a corridor. If he heard, maybe he could get out of the shower before Rosanna came in, no such luck. Damn. He's gonna get caught naked in there. Shane had just gone his hair wet when Rosanna entered the showers and stood under one almost directly across from him. Shane's eyes landed on the large bear tattoo on Rosanna's left back. It was absolutely ridiculous. Is this the scene where in the show his ass is like amazing? I think so. Oh my god. I haven't seen it yet. But I think. Okay, wow. I hope. I think it's beautiful. Like, it's gorgeous. Shane quickly turned his eyes to the floor. He had shard with hundreds of guys in his life and rooms just like this one. It was just part of the game. I never looked at him as fellow players before. It was just unthinkable. He glanced up again and saw Rosanna have turned his back to him. Shane was left to stare helplessly at the display of naked, rippling muscle. His eyes trailed over Rosanna's broad shoulders and down the muscles of his back down to his tapered waist and his, Shane blushed hard. He couldn't. Why would he want to check out another guy's ass? That was just weird, but it was really impressive ass. Oh, so they got the casting right? Oh, no. They got the casting down. She read this book. He also had a long back. Read this book and he goes, I'm changing things. I'm getting a shelf for this role. I know that he was comparing it to others. He was just perfect. And as Rosanna scrubbed water over his face, the muscles in his ass flex and Shane was transfixed and aroused, visibly aroused in a shower with Rosanna. He only had time to look down at his thickening with horror before he noticed that Rosanna had turned back around. Rosanna blanced down at Shane's cross. What was that? It was lovely. I went, I went, no. I would think I've ever seen Jake this fluster before in my entire life. This is crazy. Jake is reading any of the calling who were booked and he's like, this is disgusting. No, I know. And now this is like crazy, though. Like you out hard in the bathroom with your teammate. Rosanna blanced down at Shane's cross and raised an eyebrow. It's not golf. Shane Grumble. It's nothing. I don't love that heat. That's his character thing. Like that's his thing is like his like his little like bitch. I know it's gay. I don't think we're playing a gay enough. I'm not saying Grumble, it's nothing. Like what you see, Hollin there. Just another goddamn thing for you to hold over me, Shane thought he was so busy being mortified that he didn't immediately notice that Rosanna's own was starting to swell. They need to go to the doctor. This isn't what is happening with all these swelling. No, this is good. They're having a reaction. They're having allergic reaction. Me, me, at their, at their, at their swelling, probably love. Oh, wait, this is romantic. Wait, this is so romantic. This is so romantic. It's so beautiful. The grin had faded from Rosanna's face. His eyes were full of intensity that was much more heated than what Shane had been facing during their photoshoot. Shane needed to get out of here. This was too bizarre. He absolutely could not do whatever this was. A Rosanna fled a hand trail down to a stomach and wrapped around his own. To give it a slow firm stroke. Look, Hollin. I know. I was telling Jake the same guilt that I feel like as a person with OCD, you might relate if you have OCD. I just feel responsible for 9-11. I feel responsible for COVID. I feel responsible for all gay people, but especially this one. As I'm like, wait, like, I was like, I got this TV show made. When I was highlighting this, I was like, really, really bashful and embarrassed because I felt like I wrote this. And I'm like forcing it. And I was like, I can't believe I stole this from your 303 or whatever it's called. Get that out. Shane gasped. Yeah. Loud enough that the front wall. No, actually more like this. Gang. Sorry. I feel like I'm being so homophobic because I actually gave this time. So like, so we can't even do like what we normally do when we think a character's gay like Jeremiah. And we're like, gang, honey. Honey, you're gonna want to sit the booth house down right now. Shane gasped. So hot enough that the running water couldn't mask it. Mask. Mask. Mask. Mask. They're both masks. I except for Shane. Shane's twink. Twink for masks. Twink for masks. What's that? What's that one mean? Enemy. Enemy. Salver's note. Twink for mask. Oh my god. I'm on this plane right now. What are you thinking about? Rosinoff said his voice low, Shane swallowed his throat was bone dry. You. He said quietly. Like, you're so fun. He's so bold for that. You're so bold for that. You're so scared. Don't say it with confidence. You. You. But he said quietly. You. Exactly. So why are you saying quiet? It should be you. You. But I know he's not confident. I know he's not confident. You. I was thinking. Rosinoff heard him and smirked. He gave himself another stroke. You want to touch me, Hollander. Shane actually just wanted to watch Rosinoff himself off. But not here. Shane's damhered. Someone could come in. Look, Shane said to the fourth. That was we can just pretend that never happened. Okay. Is that what you always do? Shane's answer should have been a lot faster. Yeah. I mean, of course, Rosinoff stood across the floor until he stood right in front of Shane. You are a bad liar. My mom has told me this before. So that's why I said that. Maybe not in this exact situation. No. Shane scowled at him. What is your room number, Rosinoff asked? 1410. Shane said first. Quickly. Rosinoff's mouth twitched up. If I knock on door of room 1410 tonight, maybe around nine. Shane fought to keep his voice even I might open the door. Rosinoff smiled. I might knock. Hey, that's kind of sweet. That's cute flirting. I know. That was kind of cute. Because you were like nobody flirts like that when we were reading the calling Hoover or anything. You're like nobody talks like this and like have if people flirted like this to me, I would hate it. But honestly, if somebody said this to me, this is kind of coy and cute. That's cute. That's what I'm saying. It's cute. Well, damn it. He had more or less decided on the second option. He would talk to Rosinoff. They would put this behind them as quickly as possible. So things wouldn't be weird when the season started. He tied it up the room even though it was already perfectly tidy. He changed his shirt to a nicer one for no reason at all. He brushed his teeth, lost and rinsed that with mouthwash because if he was going to be talking to Rosinoff, it would be prudent, right? He fixed his hair a bit. He switched his phone to silent mode. He decided to turn on the television so it wouldn't look like he had just been sitting there staring at the door. Rosinoff looked like he may have put a little effort into his appearance too. He was wearing a black button up shirt. His gold chain winking at Shane from... Winking! His gold chain twinking at Shane from the wide open collar. It wasn't actually winking. Jesus is on the cross. I thought you made a chickened out, Rosinoff. Said and his infuriately blunt manner. No, Shane said. No. I mean, I just want to talk about, you know, I do know, yes. Do you want to sit maybe? Not really. He was so close that Shane could feel the heat of his body or maybe he was imagining it. I don't think this is a good idea. What? Rosinoff's not that talking a knuckle under Shane's chin until he got up. These. He brides mouthed out on Shane's and Shane flooded with panic flooded. He was stiff. Against Rosinoff, lips pressed together, eyes opened but Rosinoff persisted. And now we're the last she persisted. And now we're the last Rosinoff. Shaking out the tip of Rosinoff's tongue. Trace the outline of his lips, seeking entry, long fingers, threading through his hair and Shane's surrendered. He parted his lips and closed his eyes and Rosinoff deepened the kiss, pushing between his lips and pressing his tongue into Shane's. Shane had never kissed a man somewhere in the back of his splintering brain. He wondered if Rosinoff had ever either. He certainly seemed to know what he was doing, but he didn't seem to think so. Especially now with Rosinoff wedged a knee between his legs and rubbed the thigh against Shane's around the bowl. He's about to knee him in the balls. He's like, and Rosinoff tips his head back farther, using his height and coming down hard on Shane's open mouth. He kissed Rosinoff back hard and frantic and wanting more, but not knowing exactly what to ask for. He got the last button open. He grabbed Shane's hand and pressed it against his crotch and oh Shane had his hand on the early Rosinoffs. Both men looked down to watch Shane's hand move under the cotton of Rosinoff's breath. Shane could see the tip of Rosinoff's pointing out of the waistband and he had the sudden wild urge to kiss it to press his tongue. I can't do the slit and taste him. This was really gay. I feel that happening. I didn't know that happened in gay literature. I didn't see that happen. No, I didn't know. Unless you had an inside of you. I didn't know that. I don't know you guys were using that word. Slit? I never thought that. That's our word. That's our word. That makes me like, this is really like cringe. Slit? It's at a lot of this book. With shaking hands, he pulled Rosinoff's jeans and breathed down and lined his mouth with his thick rigid, they're always so rigid. He took a breath and very carefully pressed his tongue to the head. It should just be going. I guess, Hollander Rosinoff hissed. It tasted like skin. I knew he would say it. Shade's face flushed and image flashed through his mind of their roles being reversed. What would Rosinoff look like on his knees, taking Shane in his mouth, would Shane never find out? He sighed around Rosinoff's, he sighed around Rosinoff's. I don't understand that. That's a lot. That's also a lot in this book. Shade around his, what's going on there? What is going on there? What are you saying? I'm going to sigh in my life. What are you saying and doing around there? He's like, it's like those tiktoks were saying, I wish I had a free bag of chips right now. I wish I had a fucking mouth right now. He bobbed his head slightly, losing himself in the slide of rigid flesh against his tongue. He was sure he was doing a terrible job and his fears were confirmed when Rosinoff suddenly yelled, stop, stop. Cut. Because Venus is cut. Maybe, probably not. He's got. We know. Probably not. He's got the in Russian. If he's Russian, there's a good chance he's on a cut. Oh. Rosinoff, sorry. Rosinoff laughed. He laughed. He laughed. He laughed at his hand around as he'd try to physically grab the English word he was looking for. It was too much. Oh, really? Shade felt that he had barely done anything. Just very overwhelming and tense wrong. Shade could think of a few words, but he didn't want to guess at what Rosinoff was feeling a lot. Then he had made a frustrated sound. No, I cannot think of word. You have not done this. Rosinoff said, plainly, with a man. No, have you? Rosinoff looked at him and Shane knew he was deciding whether or not he could trust him and then must have realized it was too late. Anyway, if he didn't, he nodded. In Russia, my coach's son, Shane's buttered holy fack. You do like trouble. Was he on the team? No. No, hockey. Not a hockey player. He did anyone find out? Rosinoff shook his head. He would never tell. I would never tell. It was safe. Safe. Shane repeated. It didn't sound at all safe. It was fooling around. Nothing serious. What? What is this? Curious? Rosinoff smiled. Yes, curious. You make me. You make me curious. Oh, he leaned in and breathed against Shane's ear in his heavily accented English. Do I make you curious? He's literally having sex with Gru from Rosinoff. We've seen a lot of things. Confused, infuriated, terrified, aroused, and yes, curious. Obviously. Tonight. Tonight. Tonight. You feel my rigid. Obviously, she said a little irritably. Did you like sucking my- Oh, those English words you know. That's so, um, stays on Margarit. Once again, Shane felt very young, very boyish. He realized he was still mostly dressed and he wasn't sure if he could change them or not. Rosinoff made the decision for him. This is a bit not fair. He moved a hand through the air back and forth between them. You want me to- Yes, let me see. He let his jaw slack and it took Rosinoff as deep as he could. He was nervous about biting him by accident. So he kept his mouth open wider than was probably necessary and lused a lot of time. Hollander. Rosinoff switched to Russian and Shane didn't know what he was saying, but he figured he would probably get out of the way because he wasn't sure if he was ready to take a load in his mouth. There it is. He pulled off just in time. Rosinoff put his own hand on his- To replace Shane's mouth and stroked himself roughly until his release fell all over his own stomach. What the fuck way are they- He pulled off just in time. Let's- Are they laying down right now? Hold on, hold on. I thought they were standing and so the fact that they were standing and then they laid down. Yeah, so he's like- Yeah, they're laying down. Yes, and it's like- It's like coming this way. Yeah, yeah. It's on the wall behind them. Yeah. Shane's there, dumbfounded. It was the hottest thing he had ever seen. Shane was still staring at the mess of Rosinoff's stomach. His own- It was like iron. He thought about stroking himself until he- He thought about Rosinoff putting his mouth on him. Okay, well, good night. Rosinoff said and moved to get out. Shane's mouth dropped open and he was about to be furious. When all of a sudden he noticed a little crooked grand. Did you need something? Rosinoff asked innocently. Shane glared at him. Rosinoff chuckled and grabbed some tissues from the nightstand so he could wipe his stomach off a bit. Rosinoff instructed. Shane reached down to run his fingers through the golden brown curls of Rosinoff's hair. He dragged his fingers over the stubble on his cheek and the sharp line of his jaw. Shane had enjoyed watching some truly hot girls in the past, but this was beyond anything he did- he'd ever experienced- Sorry, I'm like stuck right? Because I'm like flustered. Just want anything he had ever experienced before. Watching this- You got nervous talking about girls talking about- I got it. Watching this big beautiful man who knew exactly what to do with his tongue and lips and got his teeth. What does that mean? He knew exactly what to do with his teeth. He's biting. He's biting gently. He's like- he's massaging it. He's like- He's calling it. He's calling it. Working like there would be a metal worded for this performance. Oh god, Rosinoff. I'm gonna- he expected Rosinoff to get the hell out of the way, but instead he sucked him harder and Shane emptied himself into his mouth. A stream of nonsense fell out of Shane's mouth. Holy shit. I'm sorry. Oh my god. I'm so sorry. Wow. Oh god. Rosinoff pulled off. And he laughed at Shane's babbling, sorry. I thought whatever. Why sorry? I'm a fuck member. Shane choked out a hysterical laugh. I don't know. I just- I wasn't expecting you to Rosinoff's rug because if Shane was thanking him for bringing in the mail, I don't mind it. Okay. Flex. So, Shane said still keeping his back to Rosinoff. This won't leave this room. Okay. You think I will tell people? Shane sincerely doubted it. No. No. He felt the bed shift as Rosinoff stood up. Shane had the stupid urge to ask him to stay. He imagined falling asleep in his arms and what the fuck? This is gay. This is gay. This is gay. My flight is early tomorrow, Rosinoff said there was maybe a note of apology in it or maybe Shane was imagining things. All right. Rosinoff nodded. I'll see you around. Yeah. Shane said awkwardly. I guess I'll see you on the ice. Yes. Nicole. Popcorn. You forgot how this works. I'm gonna get some weight. So, Tempor 2010 Montreal. Shane was a bad routine. He woke every morning at 6 o'clock and was the thoughts of Elliot immediately when he went for a 10 kilometer run, which honestly, I hate the Canadians for being like, you know, what? Fuck the Americans. We're gonna put a kilometer in it, even though the rest of the world uses. No, but really, we were like, fuck at the rest of the world. Were you saying the match? Yeah. When we used the yes. On the television, the sports center anchors were talking about Elliot Rosinoff. Shane had insane or spoke Rosinoff since they're encounter. In the Toronto hotel room, over two months ago, we were like, we're probably got Drake's hotel, a hotel ex. I was just thinking that. I was just thinking that because Jake and I, when we went on tour, we were- We stayed at Drake's hotel. Not? We were just pulling in that hotel. Yeah, they just like put us there. Wow, I was just thinking that. That was actually like really beautiful that you and I just like connected that at the same time. Yeah, ooh, maybe one of them is gonna shove the sea on tower up their ass. He would like to be able to say that he hadn't thought of it, but that'd be far from the truth. You feel pressured to outperform Shane Hollander. This season, the interview asked, who? You Rosinoff. Rosinoff, like directly at the camera and Shane froze. He can't see you, dummy. He washed Rosinoff, winked at the camera and Shane's eyes narrowed. He was going to shut this up for up when their teams finally met. Anyway, dad said, what were we talking about? Rosinoff, we're not worried about Rosinoff, right? He's a dirty player, mom, girl. He's a good player as well as Shane's side. Not as good as you. Not in any category. He's bigger than me. You're faster than him. Maybe. You're kind of like, fast and strong. But what are they talking about? And you're a leader. A nice young man. Rosinoff is a jerk. Shane laughed, yeah, I know. He's better have blow jobs than me. The thought crashed to the thought of Shane's brain and he quickly grabbed Waterglass nearly knocking it over. He's better. He's talking to his mother. He's talking to his mother. And he's thinking about blow jobs. He's better than me in every way. He turned on the television and there was Shane's call under face, filling the screen all sweaty and flushed and happy, answering questions in perfect goddamn French. Ilya couldn't even say a basic English sentence without sounding like a cartoon villain. He hated his stupid accent. He hated his asshole family. Shane Hallender was speaking French and he was breathless and smiling and drenched in sweat with his hair sticking up in all directions. His cheeks were pink and his lips were dark and wet. He looked so fucking proud of himself. Ilya told himself that twisted feeling in a stomach was just jealousy, but he was terrified that it was something much, much worse. January 2011 Nashville. Why was Shane Hallender so fucking hard to shake? They hooked up once, months ago. It had been a mistake. Obviously, a giant ridiculous mistake or at the very least something that should have been forgotten about. Not a big deal. On the ice it was easy enough to focus on the game. Ilya actually loved playing against Hallender. We would actually never tell him, but Hallender was really fucking good. Challenge Ilya in ways that Ilya wasn't used to. He loved taking the puck from Hallender. He loved slamming him into the board. He loved skating around him. Saturday morning, the day of the All-Star skills competition he had received a phone call from someone from the NHL's PR office. He was a short press conference scheduled for that afternoon to a clock. It would be just him and Ilya Rosanov. Why? Shane had asked. It's your first All-Star game. You're both having legendary rookie seasons and beside the press love idea of getting you two together, Shane had flushed a little bit. You would do a good job of it being that person in this show to make this call to them. What do you mean? This is going to be so much fun. Oh my god, everybody wants to see it so bad. I mean, my conclusion. Yes, you literally have to do this. Does that mean so good? They just want to see you talk for a little bit. With him. Under the table, they touched tips. He felt Rosanov's foot tap against his own. It was the chastest, chastest, chastest, chastest. It was the craziest contact in the world. But it's so much, Shane! Heartstop, press conference ended. Both men stood as the room erupted into the chaos of dozens of people packing up recording equipment. Shane offered Rosanov a hand in Rosanov's chuket and Shane released their handshake. Rosanov slowly slid his finger along Shane's palm. Nice job, Hallender. Rosanov, drawled. Thanks. Have fun last night. Last night. With your teammates, dinner somewhere? Got drunk? Shane looked down at the ice. Oh, yeah, it was fun. How are you guys? Not so fun. No fucking Canadians or Americans? Was perfect. Ah. Going to bed early tonight, I think. Rosanov said suddenly, Shane's mouth went a little dry. Oh, yes. They stood in silence watching the action on the ice. He's losing. He's a little creep. Oh, going. Oh, no, not early tonight. 12, 21. I knew it. Would you consider that cruising? No, he's trying to get Shane into his bed. Okay. Tell you it wasn't surprise at all when the knock came. It was late after midnight. He had been back in his room for almost two hours, honed her, pushed into the room as soon as Ili opened the door. He turned and flipped the bar latch. I said, someone was going to burst in at any moment. He looked terrified. Is there a ghost out there? Really? Asked to muse. This is dangerous and you know it is it that we are not doing anything. He's so funny. I'm like reading his lies, like cracking up. I think he's the one in the show instead of saying, is there a ghost out there? I think he says. Is someone chasing you? On their knees. Ilias had softly just to see what he would do, expecting Hollander to tell him to fuck off. Ilias breath caught in his throat as he washed him sink fluidly to the floor. His gaze stayed on Ilias. Those eyes that were so always so sharp, were now hazy with desire as he leaned forward to nozzle and mouth at the bulge in Ilias sweatpants. Christ Hollander. Ilias breathed gently pulling at Hollander's hair as he pressed. Hot, open mouth kisses to the fabric that pulled tight over Ilias. Boulder. Boulder. He felt dizzy and less in control than he wanted to be as Hollander tucked fingers into Ilias waistband and pulled down until Ilias was freed. Freed. The idea that Ilias was probably the only one who ever saw him like this, that he was the only person in the entire world who knew what it felt like to have those pretty pink lips wrapped around his f***. No, he's right. That's actually really interesting to think about. That's actually a really beautiful image to think about. That's actually a really nice kind of... Well, it's not to be like a gay simp here, but like do you not find that tender? Yeah, that's why I'm saying this is a really... Yeah, that is like kind of tender like that. That's why I said I think that this is actually genuinely like a really romantic book. Ilias swore on Russian pulled away. He grabbed Hollander by the front of a shirt and hauled him up kissing him roughly before throwing him on the bed. He wanted to know how much he would give him tonight. I'll stare it up at him, lip stark and wet and parted. His hair was everywhere. Ilias just stood there and watched him toe off his sneakers, never breaking eye contact. Hollander was breathing heavily as if he wasn't one of the most physically fit people on the planet. Ilias had always been this way. He loved sex and he loved it more when it was dangerous, when he... When it was with someone he knew he shouldn't be with, whether that was his coach of son or his brother's girlfriend or his teammate's sister. Ilias couldn't resist a bad idea. And Shane Hollander was a bad idea. The worst idea. Wrong in every way, imaginable, to men. Two NHL players poised to be the two biggest stars in the league soon enough. Peace and love, so much peace and love, so much peace and love. Love you, NHL, love hockey. I can't name one hockey player. I can't. I can't. And I know I'm not a fan, but like they make it seem like they're like a list of liberties in this book. That's what they did in the other one too. Yeah, maybe it seemed like you walked down the street every single movie star. Knows who these two are. I couldn't tell you a hockey player. And we are probably the people who are the most important in the world. Us two? Us two. And what we kind of are thinking is pretty much the global mindset. I've been saying that. I've been saying that. I've been saying that. Two bitter rivals on opposing teams that I hate each other for almost 100 years. Plus, Ilias hated the sky. Ilias kissed his dumb mouth and swallowed it. A little size and fell his annoying fingers in his hair. Pulled back so that he could look at his horrible face with his ridiculous freckles. It kissed his way down his body and took him into his mouth. Hollander's hips tricked off the bed and nearly forcing Ili off him. He sucked him and enjoyed the desperate noises he pulled out of him. The whole entire book is like, is like, Shane is the loser, Shane is desperate, Shane is a yearner, Shane is pathetic. And Ilias like really confident. Yeah. He let his fingers trail down below Hollander's balls. He tapped one finger against his puckered opening and waited for a reaction. Hollander's butt was? What? You're going to continue reading after that, my God. I read this whole. Oh my God, puckered opening and waited for a reaction. I read this. You might be new to this, but I'm true to this. Okay. What did I think it was going to do? I'm not new to this gay lifestyle. It's so hard to delgoda. Is this Covid-related? Hollander's body stilled on the bed so Iliad drew light circles around his whole. Just a casual suggestion. What the fuck? Oh my God. It's like a dinosaur. He's going to be bleeped out. That's crazy. I got it. It is sad thing to say. I got a call. No, I didn't get a call. I got an email this week that our floor got a noise complaint of a dog barking. And now we're going to get our next noise complaint. It's like somebody in this room keeps saying the word, whole puckered and crickly loud. You could feel Hollander tense up. He was completely silent now. Iliad pulled his mouth off of him and looked up at his face. Have you ever Iliad asked Hollander shook his head? Would you like to? I don't know. You are scared. No, no, I'm not scared. It's okay to be. Hollander exhaled loudly. I'm not scared. He said again. Have you ever touched yourself? Iliad asked circling his finger again here. What? Hollander's face flush bright red and Iliad grin. Jesus Christ. Hollander muttered, you are embarrassed. Well, you don't play with your ass. You don't play with your ass. It makes you gay. Oh my fucking God. You know what makes you gay. Rosenoff shot the fuck up the sucking mic. You were doing that the minute ago. Hollander sat up. I played with it all right. I've got a thing. What? A thing? No, okay. Iliad grins so hard at her. What color? You. Is it big? I want to hug you, Hollander. Iliad said against his ear. Hollander shot her. And Iliad was sure he was going to say yes, but I said, I know. I can't not hear. He's not even ready. He's going to paint that tree. He's going to paint them so hard. In this book, there's no such thing as not ready. If you stay ready, you don't have to get ready. Literally, this man is born right. This man's like, I'm not gay. I don't like men, but I stay ready. That's an insane thing. I say ready to bottom at any point. Iliad considered his answer and nodded. Not here. Not in a hotel surrounded by their fellow NHL players by the media by the fans. Not now when they would both have to be as close as silent as possible when Iliad entered him for the first time. Their concern was the noise. Yeah, not what might be up that hole. Literally. Not what might be in there. That's crazy. Okay, Iliad said nipping at us so next time then. I'll understand what he was smiling hopefully. Next time Iliad shrugged on, oh my god. Not only does he have to prep for his big games because they only get tap sacks when they have a game. So we have to prep and like, prep, prep for the game, prepping his hole. There was no prep. Then getting on prep. There was no prep. Yeah, so no prep. But next time, next time, next time, next time. There will be a prep. There will be a prep. I'll understand what you're saying. But there will be a prep. I'll understand what you're saying. Iliad shrugged one shoulder. We play Montreal in two weeks. That doesn't mean we can, I mean, how could we? Where would we? Are you homeless? No. Well then. So what? You're just going to sneak out of your hotel. Well, will you tell your teammates? The fucking truth. I'm going to get laid like every city we play in. After a game, you just want me to wait at home for you. Hollander's voice was tight. Like he was angry about something. You're fighting. You're fighting. There's a finger on your asshole and you're fighting. Yeah. That now is not, no. He literally has you like, like a basketball on his index finger. Now is not the time. Yeah, I told him. Iliad rolled his eyes. He had no idea why they were wasting time talking right now anyway. Oh, see, he's thinking like me. Yes, wait for me. I will come to your house and fuck you. Hollander looked embarrassed again. It's an apartment. He mumbled. Jesus, fine. I will fuck you in your apartment. Now I get back to things that he's so funny. He's so funny. He's so funny. He's so funny. Iliad walked slowly toward him. When he reached him, he put a hand on the side of his face and tilted his head until he could look directly into his face. Don't worry. Give me your phone. My phone, Hollander, as weekly. Yes. He's so submissive. Hollander fumbled the phone out of his pocket and handed it to Iliad. Iliad took it and entered his number in the Hollander's contacts under the name Lili. Hollander's Nordid when he saw it. Who should I be? He asked as he picked up Iliad's phone from the dresser Shannon Jane. Iliad said, Jesus Christ. Hollander muttered as he typed it. No, just Jane. That's funny. Oh, oh, oh, oh, Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. No, just Jane. February 11th, Montreal. So this is like their next meeting. There were too many things to process. Iliad Rosanov had gotten him off in a hotel room. Again, Iliad Rosanov wanted to sneak out of his team's hotel the next time they were in Montreal. Next week, and meet Shane at his apartment so he could fuck him. Iliad Rosanov wanted to fuck him. Shane was both terrified and undeniably aroused by the idea. Undeniably extremely aroused by the idea. But it didn't change the fact that it was a really, really bad idea. Shane had accepted the fact that he was more than okay with having sexual encounters with a man. Fine. He had suspected that about himself for a while now. And maybe Rosanov was the first man to see that in him to offer him the chance to experiment a little. So maybe what Shane actually needed to do was find another man to fool around with. Ah, this is gonna end so poorly. As far as Shane could figure, he had three choices. Forget about being a man entirely and just stick to women. Risk finding men or even just a man who could be discreet and patient. Or let whatever was happening with Rosanov keep happening. They're trying not to think too much about it. Obviously the first option was the most sensible. Certainly the safest. Also the most unappealing. Next week, Montreal. Lillie. I need your address. Shane. No. Shane's marked his phone. Very for these, this wronged and clear as bugs Rosanov's text. Look, f*** off. What is it? Shane, none of your business. Fine. Your loss. He wrote back. Who we meet somewhere else. He felt a flush of embarrassment as he hit sent. God, why couldn't he just have left it where it was? He's essentially rejected Rosanov. Why give the power right back to him? Like where? I don't know. Figure it out. Let me know. 1822. Question mark. Room number. Okay, where is the room? Same hotel you're in. See you soon. He got a hotel in. Girl, have him over. Save money. He's a millionaire. I don't give a f*** out. I think that's safer. To get a hotel room? Sure. You don't know that well into your apartment. You've only had sex with him a few times and inviting a man into your home. Yeah, that would be crazy. Comment down below if you've ever done that. Letting a man into your home? A lot of people do that. I've specially gay people. Yeah, but I'm saying that, that, that. You're like, I'm proud of him for going to buy that hotel room right now. I am. I am. He's nervous. He's like, this man cannot come over to my apartment just yet. Oh, I thought he was nervous about like getting out of it or something. But I think he's, like, it's too personal if he comes to my house. I think they should just be in love. I think it should be personal. She is out on the end of his king-size hotel bed, then he stood up and he sat back down again. Eh, it's come on in the hokey-hokey. This was so f***ing dumb. Why was he doing this booking a room in the same hotel as the entire Boston team? Several floors above theirs, but still, so he could hook up with a man He didn't even like in his hometown. I feel like it's more incriminating to be outed because Why is he booking a hotel in the place that he lives? Could you just like this? Rosalind Grubb? I guess the f***ing wall? You would like that. Yes? Would she like that? Probably. Rosalind continued moving his mouth close to she's here tonight. I will go easy on you. She ain't wanted to tell him to f*** off, but Rosalind was kissing his throat, scraping his teeth over his sensitive skin. So instead he threw his head back against the wall like the eag... He apparently was. That was saved by a lot of people. Yeah, it's like double up the ass. He felt Rosalind chuckled against his throat, and then she even felt himself being pulled away from the wall and carried Carried to the bed like a f***ing child. Put me down asshole. I can walk. Rosalind big hands gripped his ass as they crossed the room. Shane pushed back off of Rosalind off shoulders, and he could see that crooked smile in his playful eyes. Put me down. Two big hands laying on Shane's chest stroking him over his sweater. This is soft. Rosalind remembered it's cashmere. He is gay. Shane said so, you believe? Yes, take it off. He did. Rosalind pulled up and watched Shane strip down into his own brief. Did you bring everything? Rosalind said? Yes. Shane said. He was pretty sure he had everything. Lube and condoms, right? Oh, good boy. Thank you. Yes. His hands slid inside Shane's shorts and pulled his erection out. Shane slipped a hand in between their bodies so he could rub his hand over the front of Rosalind off shorts, Rosalind kissed him hard, and ground his crotch against Shane's holding himself up with one hand. Planted next to Shane's head, I don't understand what... I'm f***ing twister is happening right now. Hold on. Rosalind off kissed him hard, and ground his crotch against Shane's whole... Who cares? No, I know. I'm like, what position are they doing? It feels like he's like this. Okay, so he's leaning back. Shane's on the ground. Shane's on the bed. Rosalind off's... Oh, he's over him. Yeah, because he carried him to the bed. This is Rosalind off. This is Shane, and he's like... Hey, why am I sacked it out? Hold on. And he's like, grinding his crotch. And then he's holding himself up with one hand. Yes. So he's like... He's magic-miking it. Okay, got it. He's like, oh. Shane moaned at the feeling of Rosalind off's hips impelled his rolling against him. He's going to f*** me. His whole body tends to stop. Rosalind off noticed. Relax. He freed the gun, Shane's here. You all like this. Yeah, Shane said his voice strained. Just Rosalind pushed off him for a moment so he could quickly read himself of his brief, Shane did the same. When he returned his eyes to Rosalind, he was struck by how big his f*** was. He'd seen it before, of course. And he knew that it was a decent size, but looking at it now with the idea that it was supposed to somehow fit inside of him. Got, um, Loub. I ordered it online. It's supposed to be the best for this. Shane rolled his eyes. You sweet talk all your sex partners like this. I am very charming. He took the bottle from Shane and inspected it. Shane had something smart to say back to him, but it dissolved on his tongue. His Rosalind off rubbed his thumb over Shane's slit. I don't like it. I don't like it. Hey, wake up gay men. Common. I need to know. I don't say slit. I don't care about the slit. Not you. There's more than you. There's more. Hey, no, why? That's the global mindset, remember? Is this because a woman wrote it? I don't know. Yeah, maybe she loves slits. Teased the slit until he drew out a bead of liquid. Oh, and they're talking about pre. No! He smeared it over the head of Shane's f*** and Shane's figure's grabbed at the bedding. He says too much. No, no, we've gone too far. Yeah, leave the pre. Get out of this. Nobody relies to talk about pre. And I'm gonna be honest, it's kind of like inconvenient. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Do you know how this works, Hollander? Not really. Yeah, sure. He opened his way open one eye. You've done this before? Yes. That's crazy work to be like, yes. With Coach's son, he Rosalind off shrugged. Sure, he was one. Oh, girls too, Hollander. You have not done this with the girl. Shane never really wanted to do anything with a girl that was complicated. Yeah, ass f***ing is complicated. Or that would make things take longer. No, he said. Rosalind off still, both of his hands, you've had sex before, yes? Yes, God. Hey, Rosalind off of back to stroking Shane's f*** and dancing his fingers close to Shane's opening. You really think I haven't? Shane was outraged. Rosalind off shrugged. Oh, I have plenty of sex to Rosalind off. A lot fine. Shane didn't like how he used Rosalind on look, but he did like it when Rosalind off poured loop over his fingers and began to stroke them over Shane's f***. He sucked into breath and his whole body shut. His whole shutter. That could have been the next life. We insert lines like, oh, his whole shutter. Like, oh, oh, he, that literally is plausible in this book. It's not even funny. Just relax Mr. Lots of sex. Rosalind off said, I will make sure you are ready for me. You gotta just wait a minute. Shane rapsed out. Oh, Rosalind off stopped immediately. Okay, he asked. Yeah, yeah, very okay. Two, okay. Ah, Rosalind off uses the breaking time as an opportunity to give his own direction a few lazy strokes. Shane watched him and noticed again how observably large Rosalind off f*** looked. We do not have to Rosalind off said, noticing Shane's face. I want to. Shane said quickly, too quickly. Shane got on his hands and knees because that's how this worked, right? He was pretty sure. He had watched about 40 seconds of gai- once. Where he'd gotten embarrassed and closed his laptop. Now, he wished he'd had endured a little longer if only for research purposes. Then Shane could feel it. The much too large blunt head of Rosalind off f*** against his whole body. We cannot speak with you. We could have wrote that. We literally could have. That pressure was the most overwhelming sensation. He felt impossibly full. And he couldn't imagine how Rosalind was supposed to move once he was all the way in. Shane was struck with a sudden horrific thought that Rosalind would become stuck inside of him. Oh, Jesus, they would have to call 911 or something. Pfft. Shane forced himself to shake a breath and pushed images of doctors trying to separate them while all of Rosalind's teammates watched out of his mind. Oh my god. Catastorizing like 101 right there. Okay, Rosalind asked. He ran a hand over Shane's back, slow and soothing. Yeah, Shane said. His voice sounded strange. Rosalind grunted and cuck inside of Shane's butt into a condom, but still, Shane's body had made that happen. And he couldn't quite wrap his brain around that fact. Eventually, Rosalind pulled off and went to the bathroom to clean up. Shane shifted carefully to his back, already feeling the pain them was going to make it hard to sit down tomorrow. Parker and Nicole. June 2011 in Las Vegas. Shane didn't see him at first. All blackness to Exito with his head bent over the railing. Rosalind blended right into the darkness. Then he raised his head and let out a white cloud of smoke. It's not worth jumping over Shane's side moving to stand just behind him. Rosalind turned. He didn't even seem surprised to see Shane. They're out like this like banquet. A bent type thing. He took another long drag of a cigarette and then set in a tight voice. Is the party over then? I go back to Russia in three days. Oh, they were both silent for a long time. Shane wasn't sure if Rosalind had more to tell him or not. He decided not to push. It wasn't like they were friends. I should get back. Shane said after several minutes of gazing down at the city, my parents might still be at the party. I guess we'll see you next season. Shane stuck out his hand. Rosalind looked at it and then he turned his head, left and right looking all around them. A split second later, Shane found himself pushed back from the railing against a wall. Rosalind's mouth was pressed hard against his and his hands gripped his arms roughly fingers digging into his biceps. Shane felt panicked. This was super f**king dangerous and stupid and confusing and Shane kissed him back. Just as angrily. Because f**k this guy for doing shit like this hiding away all night on a f**king rooftop smoking in goddamn cigarette in the dark. Like the worst cliche of a brooding heartthrob making Shane feel bad for winning an award that he completely f**king deserved. And then on a whim, pressing Shane against a wall and kissing him like he would die without Shane's mouth on his kissing him until Shane senses were full of hard muscle. Pressed against him and taste of cigarette and slick heat of Rosalind's tongue in his mouth, what the f**k. Shane grabbed Rosalind's mouth, slapped his pells and shoved him back. They couldn't do this here at all. Shane looked frantically around them. There was no one but Jesus. There could have been. Rosalind gave him that crooked grin that it did absurd things to Shane's stomach. We can't Shane said he knew that. Sort of that crooked, or all did absurd things to his stomach. I have to go. You should go to bed, Rosalind off the smell of the spirit. See you next season. Rosalind off said that he turned and walked towards the elevators. Shane tried not to begrudge these interviews whenever he had to do one, which was often he would think of the kids who were watching. He used to love seeing his favorite star's interview on television before and after the game. Back in the dressing room, he picked up his phone, as soon as sent a quick text to his parents. He messaged them before every game. He saw that he had a message waiting for him and it wasn't from his parents. Lily, how many times can you bring one hour? What the fuck? This was dirty fucking pool. He's just asking. He's like, I feel like it's just, it's fine to remain curious. Yeah, secure. Yes, secure. Yeah, secure. Ask the questions. Like, you will never know the answer if you don't ask. He's trying to get to know him. Yeah, he got for bed. He got the guy that you're sleeping with is trying to get to know you a little bit. Exactly, like what? You always want to be in like the situation shape. Like, no, he needs to ask these kinds of questions and learn. Exactly. Alien nearly choked when he saw Hollywooders reply. I don't know, twice maybe. So pure, so honest and sweet. You are very bad at sexting. Ilya, who taught you that word? Ilya, your mom. Your mom. Okay, that was pretty stupid. But Hollywooder loved his mom and that would bother him. Ilya, are you hard right now? No answer. Ah, well. Ilya knew he was crossing a line with these texts but it was just so damn fun at his Honda. He could just picture him now in the Montreal dressing room, blushing as he shoved his phone into a bag or something so known would see it. He hoped Hollander was still mad about it later when they met in hotel room. Ilya frowned at the abandoned looking three-story building. The cab driver had delivered him to. He checked the address again and confirmed that it was the same as what Hollander at Texan, the buff. Hollander's only instruction had been for Ilya to go around the back of the building, Texan and wait at the door. So Ilya did that try not to think about being murdered in a dark empty lot behind a creepy building. Get in here, he said, Ilya, step past him into a dimly lit stairwell and Hollander locked the door behind him. What is this place? Ilya asked. Instead of answering Hollander, pushed him hard with both hands. You, for Texan before the game, you asked whole. Ilya, grin. You were hard, weren't you? For how long? The whole game? Is this your place? Ilya had never been to Hollander's home but I've always been hotelers before the idea excited him. No, I mean, I don't live here, but yes, I own it. You will move here? No, it's just an investment or whatever, and I thought it could be a safe place to meet. Hollander was damn cute when he was in Paris. Did you buy a building so that we could have a calendar? Hollander, full of his arms, they do not make him look anymore intimidating. Enough questions, we're not here to talk. Yes. Where do you want me? On the ladder, on the pile of wood over there? What? In here, idiot. Hollander crossed the room and opened yet another door. This one led to a fully finished bedroom, like a really nice one. This is the one that they had sex in in the beginning. This is the apartment. This is the place. This isn't that day, but this is that building. I kind of made the bedroom the priority and the bathroom so we could. But, Ilya, I wouldn't say that to my situation, Chef Ever. I think it's kind of sweet. It is very sweet, but do you say that to someone who you're like trying to not have any romantic feelings for? I don't know that he's trying to, like, like, really if we get down to it, like, and we really analyze, I don't think he fully has feelings for him and you know. No! But Ilya did a lot of holiday, finished a sentence, he gripped Hollander's arms and pushed him back against the closet wall and kissed him. Hollander had bought them a fucking building. This time, Hollander made a meal of Ilya's. His head bobbing in a quick rhythm. That Ilya was in the middle. This time, Hollander made a meal of Ilya's. His head bobbing in a quick rhythm. That Ilya was not going to be able to endure for very long. Not if he also wanted to fuck Hollander in there a lot of an hour of time. Hollander wasn't letting up. He tugged at Ilya's balls with just the right amount of pressure. They're like, going honestly, like, too detailed with this. Hollander hoover's like, oh, fade to black. This is like, let's put a microscope under every inch of what they did tonight. I thought I was reading Smut before. No, I know you weren't. Like, this is. And I didn't consider calling hoover Smut. Like, I read like, they're called spicy. They're supposed to be like, this is spicy. This is not fucking spicy. This is definitely like hell. This is like, hell. Spiciest like book that I've ever had. They're talking about balls, girl. Nobody talks about the balls. No, you know what? Some straight books do talk about the balls and I'm like, why? He tugged at Ilya's balls with just the right amount of pressure and Ilya could feel Hollander's erection sliding along his thigh. Hollander, he warned. He was flying way too high, too fast. Hollander moaned. Or maybe he tried to form a word around Ilya's. But all it did was cause vibrations that Ilya really didn't need right now. You have to stop if you want me to fuck you. Hollander ripped his mouth away from Ilya's but then he went very still. Oh god. Ilya felt wetness splash against the style. Oh no. Oh no. This is a horror movie. This is a horror book. No, yeah, that's hilarious. Hollander's body jerked a couple times and then he buried his face in Ilya's shoulder. Hollander? I'm sorry. I can't believe I just, you didn't even touch me. And Ilya just laughed because it was funny. Don't fucking laugh at me. Been a while, Ilya teased. Hollander kept his forehead planted and Ilya's shoulder hiding his face completely shut up. But Ilya laughed harder. He laughed until Hollander joined in and then they were both holding each other and laughing until they were wiping tears from their eyes. Seconds later, Ilya erupted. He cried out much louder than usual as a white hawk. Rocketed through his body. Holy shit, Hollander. Ilya gasped when he was able to speak again. I'm dead. You killed me. You slayed me. I'm gagged. I am so boots the house down right now. Oh my god. Mary, why did you do that? And then Ilya felt the rare and unwelcome sensation of his cheeks heating an embarrassment. He didn't usually yell like that when he was, you don't want to think about it. So he said, I have to go. You must be excited for the Olympics in Russia. Yes. Ilya was excited, but thinking about the expectations of his home country it was father made a stomach hurt and made him want to cigarette. Been dreaming of the Olympics my whole life. Hollander said, I can't wait. For what? A bronze medal. Fuck you. Ilya laughed. Hey, remember when you shot your load for like no reason at all? Popcorn Jake. February 2014, Sochi, Russia. What are your plans for the night's Scott asked? I thought I'd watch some of the speed skating Scott's face lit up. Yeah, that would be cool. I saw the men's figure skating short program is tonight too. Oh right, that's probably going to be packed. Those guys are brave to be here, you know? Brave, Carter lowered his voice and glanced around the bench. Yeah, like because of the gay thing, right? Some of those guys are risking their lives for real here. Brave is hell. Right, Scott said. Turned his gaze to the ocean. She knew about Russia's laws against homosexuality, but he's been trying not to think too much about stuff like that. He just wanted to enjoy the Olympics, win the gold medal and go home. But now he was thinking about dev, a guy he trained with a bit from Ottawa, who was on the men's speed skating team and who Shane knew was gay. He was here, he was terrified, he must be. I think I'm going to text Rosinoff, try to lay eyes on him, make sure he'd not been arrested for blowing a ski jumper or something, relax a bit in my room, still jet lagged, you know? He was suddenly desperate to make contact with Rosinoff. The only problem was he had no idea where to find him. He sent a text having a good time there. That was cool and casual, just so friendly. Hey, we're both on the Olympics, right? Also, are you in jail? He waited all night for her reply, but none came. But he did. He didn't. He didn't. The Olympics were bullshit. Ilya had been on edge. He had been edging. He'd been edging all week. It had been days of smiling for the Russian media and mingling with government officials who made his skin crawl. Men, women who supported their country leader without a question. And who expected Ilya to do the same? Ilya hadn't had any time to enjoy himself. He barely had time to focus on his game and it showed. But first, Ilya was expected to go to his father's hotel room. He wished he was strong enough to refuse. Gregory stepped closer, setting his vodka on the table and he began to needlessly adjust Ilya's bow tie. Ah, who tied this for you? Your mother? She doesn't know how to do this properly. Ilya froze his breath caught in his throat and he swallowed hard before saying, as evenly as possible. No father. Mom is dead. Remember. And then Gregory froze and Ilya could see the confusion in his eyes before he blinked and shook his head. Yes, of course. I know that. I was thinking of your stepmother and where does Puglinna tonight? Ilya asked ignoring his father's obvious lie. Home. No further explanation. Fine. Ilya didn't care anyway. His father released Ilya's bow tie and smoothed the hand over his lapels. We should go, Ilya said. Gregory's brow furrowed. Yes. To the gala. Ilya supplied for the Olympics. You're going to introduce me to the minister. Gregory's hands snapped up blazing. I know that. Ilya didn't like his father but he hated watching him deteriorate. He wondered if it would be easier when Gregory's brain was fully gone and he no longer had to suffer the embarrassment of drifting in and out of himself with me, Ilya, and behave tonight. Try to make up for the shame you've already brought on your country. As Ilya followed his father down the hallway to the elevators, he fell his phone buzz in his pocket. He quickly glanced at the screen. Jane, having a good time, he really did not need Shane's stupid holander to be trying to make contact. Not here, not now. Sorry, I don't know why I went rushing for that. Pizz and Eri's in. Hey, Shane said. Rosinoff looked at him, shook his head, not here. He said tightly. No, I'm not. I just wanted to see how you're doing. Fine. Go sit down. We're not anything. Not here, holander. Rosinoff's eyes darted around them as if searching for threats. It was the first time Shane had ever seen Rosinoff look uncomfortable. June 2014. Las Vegas. At the end of the season, the league asked Rosinoff and holander to present together at the NHL awards. Because the league was cute, they asked them to present the award for most sportsmen. What? I thought they meant actually cute, but it was like, oh, because the league was being cute. And they were asking us to present for most sports. And Shane was waiting backstage in his tuxedo alone. No one knew where Rosinoff was. They were supposed to walk out on stage together in three minutes where the hell's Rosinoff a panic director said. I don't know, Shane said. The last time they had really spoken, had been six months ago before the Olympics, and Shane hadn't actually done that much talking. What he had done was lie Rosinoff pushing to his knees in the middle of his hotel room and his mouth until Shane's eyes water. He's looking for me. A familiar voice crawled behind him. Shane whipped around, was faced with Ilya Rosinoff looking so good in his ducts. He's all tall. He's grown his hair over the past season. And that night, he'd been wearing its slick back and tied in the little bun. And I get butted in the bun. We're on in like five seconds, 50 seconds. We're fine. Doesn't matter to you that everyone backstage has been having a heart attack looking for you. Not really. Shane's hands rolled up into fists at his sides. Where were you anyway? Busy. Oh yeah, with who? They went to the podium and recited their dumb banter about the importance of having respect for your fellow players. Shane did not have to pretend at all to hate Rosinoff in that moment. They got a lot of laughs. The fact that Shane was practically speaking through Clench teeth probably only enhanced the comedy. Hey Rosinoff said, before we get out the award, can I get the selfie? What? Shane asked? It was all part of the script. Just one quick one. I mean, when will this happen again? Right? Fine. But hurry up. Rosinoff was slow to move his arm from Shane's shoulders. When he finally did, he let his fingers brush the back of Shane's neck making every hair stand up. Shane fell his fucks wall a bit and silently hit the knee. He cursed him. And then Shane left the stage quickly as quickly as possible. He kept walking until he found a small bathroom back stage. He entered and left the door unlocked. Less than 30 seconds later, Rosinoff slipped inside and locked the door. He crowded Shane up against the wall. Shane was seething. He stared at Rosinoff right in the eye and waited for him to make the first move. Well, well, what? He gestures to the floor. Are you not going to suck my shane's eye? There was a fuck you. Why don't you suck mine? Hmm. He traced a finger over Shane's clenched straw. So gently, it made Shane close his eyes and part his lips involuntarily. Maybe ask nice. Shane wanted to tell him to go fuck himself. But instead, to his mortification, he heard himself say, please. Rosinoff, please can I route you. Want me to kneel on this dirty bathroom floor? You have to ask nice other than that, Hollander. Please. Hi, you like all they made him so pathetic. I know. Please, get on your knees and suck my- Please. Rosinoff presses Paul as we're Shane's erection strained against his tuxedo pants, making Shane gasp. And till his head back against the wall, Rosinoff leaned in and brushed his lips over Shane's ear. No. No. Sorry. No. No. No. No. My gosh, Shane is step back. Why? Shane's buttered. No, I will not do anything to you here. We will go back out there, sit in our seats, and then go to the party, and then when you have been waiting all night for it, you'll come to my hotel room and I will maybe do more than suck your- Shane felt dizzy and angry. And kind of impressed by Rosinoff's English. You really want to leave me like this? Yes, for now. Fine. Oh, Rosinoff crude with a mock sympathy. I will make a deal. If you win MVP tonight, I will be- You will be- You will be- Whatever you want. Shane swallowed. And if you win, a wicked smile and for all the cross-Rosinoff's face, I will let you know. Good luck tonight. He said, and then he was gone. But you- So, and you can't find me! Come to my hotel room! Rosinoff had won. Of course he had won. And now Shane had to find out exactly what he wanted from him. Here it took and congratulate me. Rosinoff said, I guess Rosinoff spread his arms out in his cheeks and at tip to say, Well, congratulations. Shane said flatly. Thank you. Now take off your clothes. On the bed, he instructed without looking at Shane. Shane did his best to appear comfortable and relaxed on the giant bed, as if he wasn't nervous to tell of whatever Rosinoff had planned. He expected Rosinoff to join him on the bed, but instead Rosinoff left the room. And now- Pfft! Ha ha ha ha ha! So many times! So many times! Find me! He was gone for a remarkably long time. When he returned, he was holding a glass of clear liquid. He sat in something mature against the wall at the end of the bed and took a sip. Hmm. I am impressed with this hotel. This hotel is not so easy to find. Okay. Show off for me. Let me watch you. You what? He's my special night-hollender. I want to watch you. Rosinoff said, No, the vodka you can have after as a reward. Rosinoff left. Is good vodka. Come on. Look at your poor calendar. Can't give him some attention, yes. Would you like to know, Rosinoff asked, as he settled himself back into a share? How it feels? How what feels? He leaned forward, printing like a shark, the cup. Do you want to know what it feels like to hold the Stanley Cup? Oh, you Rosinoff left. I cannot describe it anyway. Impossible. I'll find it out for myself soon now, Shane Grumbled. Of course. Now show me how you like it, Hollander. Please, Shane Gasp begged. Please what? I need a tailor. Because I ripped my pants. That's what that is. Okay, he could tell that Rosinoff was starting to lose his composure. He could see how his out of zap a bob sharply, as he swallowed the way he ran his teeth over his bottom lip. What do you need, Hollander? You piece. Shut the f*** up. Oh, and me. He caught all the mattress until his face met the bulge in Rosinoff's tuxedo pants. He nuzzled and now that it, I don't like it. That's like something that your dog does. Like when you go over to your friend's house and you're on your period and the dog gets like really close to your crotch and you're like, please stop. Please stop. Yeah, literally. He nuzzled and now that it. And Rosinoff buried his fingers in Shane's hair and murmured something in Russian. Shane didn't know Rosinoff was saying something encouraging or reverent. Or maybe he was calling Shane a s*** Shane felt a little s*** in that moment. He felt wild. He wanted Rosinoff s*** in every part of him at once. Rosinoff let him suck for a few blissful minutes before he shoved Shane down onto the bed and trolled his hand in the air. Turn over, he said. Shane didn't as he was told and Races asked in the air far too eagerly. He heard a rustle of a condom being opened and then saw the empty wrapper hit the floor when Rosinoff tossed it aside. He s*** so hard that he actually yelled and there was no other word for it. And once again he had made a mess of the hotel bedsheets. Jesus, Holland there. Are you heading back soon? Shane asked just to make conversation back to Russia for the summer. Rosinoff exiled him along. She was smoked. Yes, oh. They were silent at the moment and Shane couldn't help but ask why? Rosinoff shrugged his home. But do you like going there? Rosinoff didn't answer. He took another drag of his cigarette and closed his eyes. I should sleep. He said finally. Oh yeah, I should, I need to get going anyway. Yes. And Shane left. Popcorn Nicole. October 2016 Philadelphia. My country, Philadelphia. My country. Elliott had a man pinned under the weight of his body. The man was big, almost as tall as Elliott and pressing back against him aggressively. Elliott wedged a knee between the man's thighs, holding him firmly in place. I'll pass hole. The man growled. Elliott leaned on him harder. All right, let him go Rosinoff. The referee said, I'll call holding if you don't back off right now. It could hear the booze and taunts from the crowd as he skated to the bench. You Rosinoff. You're a Rosinoff. Go back to Russia. You piece of et cetera. I feel a Philadelphia defenseman skated by the bench when the play had stopped. Keep it up and see what happens. Rosinoff he threatened. I know what will happen. My theme will win. Suck my Rosinoff. Be the best of your life sweetheart. Elliott winked to him. Jake you say it. The other player grumbled. Elliott shrugged. Yeah. Yeah. Elliott shrugged. It was half true. November 2016. Boston. Heading out. He didn't ask from where he was watching television on the hotel bed. Yeah, just a bit. Meeting a friend. If you say so, Hayden Grin. She ain't swallowed and tried not to let anything show on his face. His insides roiled with shame and fear and anticipation. Just friend. Rosinoff answered the door wearing low slug sweatpants and no shirt. She ain't swore under his breath. All thoughts of just talking to Rosinoff left his mind. The f*** is this. She ain't asked as he entered the bedroom. You're not speaking to me anymore. Just expect me to follow you like a dog. She's Rosinoff said. I wanted you to do the face. Rosinoff wasn't wearing underwear and his quizz half-heart already shamed. Oh, we can look into his mouth. I'd like to look at you. It's the night I think. You on top, Rosinoff asked. Okay, Shane said. But the request made him nervous. Usually Rosinoff just took him from behind on a bed or against a wall. Shane could pretend or pretend he was pretending that Rosinoff was someone else that way. Rosinoff slapped his own thighs that invitation and Shane went to him. Shane braced himself with a hand-flown, Rosinoff's chest. Rosinoff covered that hand with his own which surprised Shane. Rosinoff never took his eyes off his face except to watch when Shane starts stroking himself. Shane saw the glaze look at his eye and the way his mouth was hanging open as he rode him harder. Rosinoff grunted. And without warning, you're right. I do just go from the start to just just them. Right, that's what I'm saying. I just thought you're like, you're like, get me to the money shop. Ha ha ha. And without warning, he flipped them both over so he was on top staring down at Shane as he held his legs and thrust into him wildly. His crucifix chained, dangled between them scraping, Shane's chest. When Shane's hip was hard and sudden his releasing to endless splashing his chest. And even up to his throat. Yes, sweetheart. Rosinoff panted and Shane didn't even have a chance to be shocked by the pet name before Rosinoff was fucking too. When it was over, he dropped to his elbows over Shane and kissed him messily. It took turns getting cleaned up in the bathroom. When Shane walked back to the bedroom, he stood stupidly in the middle of the world near his pile of clothes. The more he frutched, probably go. Like literally like mommy threw up. Ha ha. There was something a little too pender in the way that Rosinoff was looking at him. And there was something that was just far too soothing about the way that Rosinoff's fingers combed through Shane's short hair and curved down to trace the bridge of freckled that stretched across his face. You could stay. Rosinoff said stay. Stay here at the night. Shane's eyes open. Rosinoff was looking at him seriously again. You want me to stay here. Rosinoff seemed to realize that he had just asked because his face changed and he shrugged forcing a half grin. I'm not done with you yet. Oh, that was more familiar. I can't stay. You know that you could. The game is tomorrow afternoon. No morning practice. I told Hayden. Rosinoff's role is eyes is Hayden, your mother. I got them. Ginger ale. You like that shit, right? I love ginger ale. I literally love ginger ale. I don't know if anybody knows this about me. Yeah, I do. Shane looked at him oddly. Shane didn't often drink because he didn't want to do anything that might compromise his performance on the ice. Over the years, he had developed an affinity for ginger ale. It's a substitute for beer, but it wasn't like he'd ever talked about that to Rosinoff. Instead of asking Rosinoff how the hell he knew that he liked ginger ale, why you care enough to buy some of me as you want to order takeout or do like tuna melts? You want to make me a tuna melt. That is very calling Hoover coded. That is just like a very random fucking food that like nobody would ever think about. Tuna melts will be constantly associated. No, it's like really like at the end of this book, it's going to be like, and we had our last tuna melt together. LA is good, beautiful woman. Shane noticed Rosinoff's still like glance at him as he said this. Yeah, sure. Shane said there's beautiful women everywhere, really. They are rich and famous, yes. There was a silent moment the game went to commercial. There was a girl Rosinoff said in New York, I used to see her when I was in town, used to. She's getting married. Oh, Shane looked into the ginger ale bottle. Are you upset about that? What? No. Rosinoff seemed genuinely surprised and maybe amused by his question. Was not like that, just convenient to have a reliable woman to sleep in with New York. With three teams to play against there, we are there a lot. Do you like them? Rosinoff asked after a minute of silent eating. What? The tuna melt? No, girls. Shane was caught off guard. Oh, sure, yeah. Like them, of course. This bit of stammering did not match the answer that first popped into Shane's head, which was not really. Never hear about you with girls. Rosinoff said plainly, well, it's private, right? Private. I keep a lot of things private. Obviously, Rosinoff didn't reply for a moment. Then he turned his back to the television and said, I like girls. Yeah, no shit. But I also like you. Well, lucky me, Shane grumbled. Not as a person, of course. Rosinoff teased, but you have a good mouth. He's a just. He took a suggestive bite of his dill pickle. The truth was that he hadn't ever had what he would consider to be a successful relationship with a woman. Get a decent amount of experience with them, but he couldn't think of any sexual encounters with women that had actually been great. He wasn't sure how any of the girls felt about it. Maybe they had just been excited to get into bed with a hockey star, and that was enough to distract them from how I have hearted his efforts had been. And it like being the one doing the f***ing all that much he loved, be f***ing. Shane had always been to embarrass us, the woman. He'd been with using the f***ing hold on him, so he more or less forced himself to endure the act of f***ing woman. He was obviously very athletic, which the women seem to appreciate. And that probably covered the fact that he wanted to be as over as quickly as possible. Eventually Rosinoff moved his other hand to slide up Shane's sign, copped him through his jeans. They just f***ed, and now once again, they're like, they're like, yes, let's, let's watch TV. Hey, let's do it again. He massaged him with one big skilled hand and Shane's quiley responded. When the b****s threatened to rip through the denim, Rosinoff flicked open the button on his fly and carefully pulled down the zipper. Shane hadn't bothered putting his briefs on again, so his p***** gets s**t. Popped out his p***** gump. And Rosinoff's are lazily stroking at it. At a frustrating pace, Shane wasn't sure why he was letting Rosinoff drive anyway. He flipped himself around and kissed Rosinoff hard. They just ate tuna melts. He's going to see this tuna melt. By in between you and out there. He's going to eat this tuna melt. Why do I need this so much? Shane muttered the words against Rosinoff flips and hoped that the other man hadn't heard them. You said a full sentence. You said a full sentence and you're hoping that he didn't hear them. You said a full sentence. Why do I need this so much? I mean, the wath Rosinoff asks if he didn't know. Wait, Rosinoff grabs Shane's wrist and stops the fear of stroking. He pulled Shane's hand to his face and spit in his hand. It smells like tuna melt. Wait, oh my god. It's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh, broke back back then. Which was gross, but instead of making a face or, yeah, him about it, Shane found it absurdly arousing. Then Rosinoff went very still and said, oh god, Shane. And then hot burst, coating Shane's hand and allowing Shane to use the slickness to bring himself off almost immediately with the sound of his first name being spoken in a breathless Russian accent still bringing in his ears. Shane, he called me Shane. Oh, Ilya, he said barely more than a whisper. Ilya didn't answer and said he crushed their mouths together and kissed Shane in a raw uncontrolled way. That felt like an apology. Oh no. Oh, Shane untangled himself from Ilya and stood. I should go. It was an understatement. Shane needed to get the f*** out of here immediately. He clumsily tucked himself back into his jeans as he staggered back away from Ilya. Where did I leave my underwear? Go? Yeah, I shouldn't say I can't. We can't. This is Ilya shifted all the couch stretching one arm across the back and resting his angle on his knee casuals. I think this is nothing, Hollander. Hollander, you called me Shane. I know. I just team meeting in the morning. I forgot that made Ilya laugh. It wasn't warm. You forgot about a team meeting. Sure. Shane was already at the door shoving his feet into his sneakers. The underwear. He needs to leave. Thanks for the tuna melt. He combed Shane. Dawson. I ruined my... Rylo, get me the tuna melt. Now! Gingerone. Popcorn Jake. November 16th, Montreal. Hollander, what the f*** are you doing right now? Shane frowned into his phone. It was his teammate. JJ Boislau, who always called and never texted. Nothing. Why? F*** that. Get your ass downtown. My buddy, Francois. You know the chef. He's having a little after hours party as a restaurant and get this. The cast of the f***ing X Squad movie. They're going to be filming here. It's going to be there. Aside from a couple of his teammates, Shane didn't know anyone at the party. But he certainly recognized a few movie stars in the crowd. Shane was pretty famous. Extremely so on the hockey scale. But even he was a little star struck in this company. He made his way to the bar where the bartenders seemed to have no problem serving people well after closing. The slim, attractive dark skin man was making elaborate cockles for the All Star guest. He poured Shane a beer and rested it on the coaster in front of him. Thanks, Shane said. He slid a 10 dollar bill across the bar. The bartender held up his hands and said, on the house, oh well you keep it then. The man triggers head smiling. It's an honor. Are you having a good night? This crowd, are you kidding? Rose Landry is here, man. Seriously, he looked over his shoulder almost involuntarily, searching the crowd for the famous actress. Please tell me you're hungry, a woman's voice said. Shane looked up and saw slim woman with dark, glossy hair and a very expensive looking cop draped over equally expensive looking jeans. Rose Landry. She lost track of time as they sat in the booth and talked over delicious cod fritters. Rose was easy to talk to, surprisingly so. They bonded over descriptions of the lake cottages where they had each spent childhood summers. She had an older brother who had played hockey in college and then he became an engineer. Her parents, like Shane's, worked in government. At the end of the night, they exchanged contact info and made loose plans to meet for dinner whenever both of their schedules permitted. Shane left the restaurant with a little spring in his step. It had easily been the best connection he had made with a woman ever. He liked Rose. He wanted to get to know her better. He was excited by the idea of spending more time with her and she was very pretty. Obviously, Shane liked a girl. Huzzah. December 2016. Detroit. Rose, you gotta see this. You'll shit, man. You'll shit. Ilya couldn't imagine what the hell would be that interesting to him. He made his way over to the table and Victor held out his phone to see him. There was a headline that read is Rosalie has you dating NHL star Shane Hollander? No. No. No. No. His video was reaction. He helped us out of more dismissive to his teammates than it's shocked. There are pictures Victor said, look, he held his phone out again and Ilya grabbed it. He scrolled through the four paparazzi photos of Shane having dinner with the gorgeous star-carried movie star and one of them, Shane, was laughing. Ilya scowled and handed the phone back to Victor. Probably nothing, he said. January 2017, Boston. It wasn't nothing. As the weeks went on, more and more paparazzi photos of Shane and Rose Landry together were hitting the internet. Photos of the two of them walking together, smiling at each other, leaving the restaurants together, kissing each other on the cheek. Just on the cheek, it could still be nothing. Ilya turned, which could mean nothing. Which could mean nothing. He left the room in a hurry, not bothering to pick up the water bottle. Haley, he thought to himself, he would text Haley Seinfeld. Seinfeld? Seinfeld? He text Haley Seinfeld and see if she was doing anything tonight. He liked Haley. She was fun. She had dark hair and freckles. One week later, Montreal. That's important. Yeah, and she had dark hair and freckles, just like Shane. Yeah. I know. They're trying to find each other in women and that's wrong. They shouldn't. They should find each other in their beds. They just find each other. They should find each other. They should explore each other and find each other. You're right. When Shane's phone buzzed an hour after the game against Boston and an entity, expected it to be Ilya, it was Rose. Come out with us tonight. We'll be at ultraviolet. Shane felt a confusing mixture of anxiety and relief sweep over him. He hadn't been sure what to say to Ilya if he had texted him, if he had wanted to see him. Because Shane had a girlfriend now. Sort of. Ilya was absolutely not going to text Holland or not a chance. What he was going to do instead, apparently, was talk around the hotel room and some of it is remained for no reason at all. Ilya sighed and sat himself on the end of his bed. Nothing. I need to get laid. Let's go out. He found Rose and her friends in the VIP area of the club. She stood up and kissed him quickly and greeting. He recognized most of the people there. Two of them were her co-stars from the X-Quat movie. Miles and Gia loved that name. Miles was a young actor with a massive fan base due to his work as a teenager on a popular television drama. He was extremely attractive with light brown skin, perfectly groomed stubble and the most incredible eyes Shane had ever seen. They were gray, so pale that they were almost silver. Shane nodded at him awkwardly and received a slow, absurdly sexy smile and returned. Shane looked away quickly and moved to sit next to Rose. Oh, so he's like having like cravings. Cravings! It's cravings! Cravings! Cravings! It's not cravings. Gia cravings. He's literally having Gia cravings. He's having Gait with draws right now. He should get his fix with Ilya. Okay. Not his fix. He should get his fix forever with him. Shane had barely said 10 words. He just enjoyed listening to everyone else and laughing when someone made a joke and when he couldn't follow the conversation, he shipped up his second beer, watched the dance floor, and stole a few glances at Miles. What was done? Because Shane was here with Rose Landry. Come dance with Nero's, exclaim suddenly, she stood up and tried to pull Shane with her. Oh, Shane said, no, I uh, come on. I never get to dance. That is a lie, Miles laughed. Well, I want to dance with Shane. Shane heard Miles say something that sounded a lot like that. Makes two of us. But he couldn't be sure over the music. He kept his fingers on Rose's ways, barely touching. As she closed her eyes and slid a hand down his chest, Shane understood what was supposed to be happening here. He was supposed to be escalating things, touching her, teasing her, making her want him. And then they would kiss and press closer together. And so why wasn't he? Ilya headed straight toward the dance floor as soon as they entered the club. It was late and the place was packed. A quick scan of the place told him that there were plenty of good options, plenty of gorgeous girls who could take his mind off of Shane's stupid holander. Wait, it was impossible not to spot Rose Landry on the dance floor, even in this crowd she stood out. And it only took him a second longer to realize the man she had under arms around who had his hands on her waist was Shane Hollander. Ilya moved purposely to the other side of the dance floor. He found a girl inside a minute who was happy to press her body against his. By the next song, she had her tongue in his mouth. Ilya was dancing with the girl. His head and shoulders towered over most of the crowd. Shane moved through the sea of dancers toward him. Without realizing he was doing it. Ilya had on a Vina T shirt that was almost transparent despite being a dark color. Sometimes a light would hit him just right and Shane could see the outline of his bear tattoo and the glint of his gold chain. The girl he was dancing with had her back to him and she seemed to be grinding her ass onto his crotch. Ilya was watching her, eyes hooded, lips parted. Shane watched as he bit down on his lower lip and closed his eyes before bending his head to kiss her neck. She turned and leaned up and kissed him. It was a wild filthy kiss. She had her hands up the front of his shirt. Shane felt sick. He needed to leave. He realized suddenly, as if waking from a dream that he was standing alone in the middle of the dance floor not dancing. Just staring at Ilya. He couldn't let Ilya notice him popcorn Nicole. Ilya pulled away from the kiss and smile that the very willing partner. She was a good kisser. She had a tongue piercing. He liked that. He glanced around the club wondering where the best dark corner was to holy fuck. When his gaze landed on Shane Hollander, Shane's eyes went wide. Had Shane just been watching him? Ilya can resist pushing it. He gave him what he believed to be the sexiest smile and bend down to whisper in the girls ears should we take this somewhere else? He never took his eyes off Shane. Sorry, she said surprising. I'm not tonight babe. I'm here with my boyfriend. He likes to watch me. It turns him on. But I'm leaving with him. You're a boyfriend? He looked around nervously. She laughed relaxed. He's not going to hit you. He likes it. Like I said, she gets his cheek turned and left him. And Shane was gone. Damn. Back at the hotel, Ilya jerked off in the shower before throwing himself angrily into bed. That is so fucking funny. To a picture, a man angry. Like angrily jerking himself off and going to bed. He crawled on his side and watched the minute to take by on the alarm clock beside his bed. Stuart f**king shade haunt or Stuart Rose Landry. One week later, Montreal. Shane like Rose Landry. He did. She was easy to talk to. She had a warmth about her that drew people in. She was a bigger celebrity than he was, but channeled it so easily. She laughed a lot. And when she asked people questions, which was often, she genuinely seemed to care about their answers. Maybe it was because she was an actress, but she always seemed very interested in people. Always observing. And she remembered every detail. They had slept together a couple of times. It had been fine. Better than usual, really. Except Shane knew she wouldn't be so dazzled by a stardom that she would be able to overlook his performance. And that had made him nervous, which had made it more difficult for him to perform. But she had been patient and helpful and he'd completed the task of both times. It's tough. He may have noticed some surprise on her part that it seemed to be such a chore for him, especially the second time. He was sure she wasn't used to that. I thought it would be nice to just have some time to talk. She explained just the two of us. Sure, she didn't know. Yeah, you're right. It's nice. Miles is extremely jealous of me. She laughed no silly of me. Oh, Shane left that sink in. Oh, Rose's eyes bugged out a bit. Wait, did you not notice that Miles is gay? Um, I guess I hadn't really thought about it. Shane lied. Well, he is. And he's low-key in love with you. Oh, Shane knew he was blushing. He hoped that Dem lighting hit it. Are you surprised that a young actor is gay, Shane? No, I mean, no. She leaned back in her chair. Are there gay hockey players? I mean, obviously, yes. There are, right? But are any openly gay hockey players? No, Shane said. I mean, yes. There are gay players, bi players, whatever. I'm sure there must be. Yeah, but no one has ever come out publicly. Why is she asking me about this? Hmm, she said what? She gave him a small smile. She wasn't sure what it meant. I'm sorry. I'm going about this the wrong way. Oh my god. Going about what? And suddenly Shane felt like he was staring down a slap shot. He braced himself for the impact. She reached out and put her hand on his. Shane, I really like you, but I'm getting the vibe that maybe I'm not doing it for you. This is so good. Gag. You are. You do. I like you a lot too. You like talking to me. Yeah? Do you like hissing me? Sure. She laughed. Wow. Oh god, Shane was fucking this up. I mean, yes. Of course I do. It's okay, Shane. I just get the impression that maybe you would rather be kissing just for example, Miles. Shane didn't know what to say. He had never encountered a direct accusation like this before, except it wasn't really an accusation. Rose wasn't judging him. She was just trying to understand him. He stared into his wine glass. He knew he had taken it too long to reply already. The jig was up. It's okay. She said again, her voice, soft and warm. Her fingers brushed over his hand reassuringly. Oh. I like you, Shane. Say quietly, I like being with you. I like talking to you with a sex part. I know it's a problem. It's not a problem. A problem is something you can solve. We're like a square peg and a round hole. She scratched her nose. Ew. No. Gross. For a guy said that, Shane laughed, I get it. We just aren't supposed to fit together. And that's fine, but we can't keep trying. Oh. Have you ever been with a man for whatever reason, Shane didn't feel like lying. He had made it this far, yes. And was it different, of course? I mean, was it better? Shane's memory supplied with flashes of golden brown curls and sparkling hazel eyes and a playful smile and hard muscles and strong hands, holding him down as he entered and filled. And, yeah. Shane said softly. Yeah, it was better. He clearly wrote something. I'm going to see that in the show. Like, I want to see that. Like, like, the montage. That's what he's like. It's like, that's a Raven vision. It's when Belly was having visions. Yeah. Like, when she was going through psychosis. And all these visions of Conrad, which is like the night before she supposed to get married to Jeremiah. Yeah, it was better. He could have just wrote. The thing is, I kind of prefer to be the whole than the peg. Rose threw her head back into light, Shane laughed too. He felt lighter suddenly. Later, before they left the bar Rose, gave him a mischievous look over the rim of her wine lusts that so, should I give Miles your number? No, thank you. But no, I need to figure some stuff out. I know. I was just joking mostly. They waited outside for her driver and she said, let's be friends. And I don't mean enough. I hope we can still be friends, bullshit, away. I mean, let's be friends. Let's be best friends because I really do care about you a lot, Shane. And I feel like you might not have anyone else to talk about certain things. Oh. I'd like that. You're right. I don't. And I care about you too. We'll be friends. You have my number. Text me. Text me all the time, please. Whenever we're in the same city, we'll hang out. I promise. I do know a couple who used to date. And then he realized he was gay. And so, you know, but they dated for like a couple years, I think. And now they're best friends. Like, best friend. They do everything together. Oh. You can never do that. You've seen my whole. You've seen, you know. Like, that's crazy. The same night. Boston. Settelana was his favorite. Ilya watched her now, perched at the end of his bed, naked flipping through channels, searching for the Vancouver versus Colorado hockey game. She pulled her knees to her chest. Are we gonna f***ing get her shy get dressed? I'm cold. Like, consider her question then shrugged. I'm hungry. You should get dressed. Would he have shrugged if Shane had asked him if they were going to f*** again? Would he have turned down his chance to enjoy his body as many times as he possibly could? Oh, do you dare put your clothes on Hollander. I'm not done with you yet. The truth was that he tried so very hard to ignore that no one set him on fire like Shane Hollander. All these women, they were gorgeous. Fun. Very sexy. But he didn't think about them after they were gone. He didn't long for them with them. He could be sated. Ilya wondered if Roselandry would be joining Shane and Florida for the All-Star game. He wondered if Roselandry would be accompanying Shane to everything from now on. Maybe they would get married. For the first time ever, Ilya was not looking forward to the All-Star game. January 2017, Tampa Bay, Shane was nervous. After six and a half seasons, he was used to his f*** dopparrage with Roseland, but something felt different now. Maybe it was because he had finally spoken a lot of someone about his possible preference. Or maybe it was because of the weird way things were left the last time he and Roseland have been together in Ilya's apartment, popcorn Jake. Had Shane brought his girlfriend to All-Star weekend, would he introduce her to Ilya God? He looked relaxed and confident. Like a man who had gotten his life together. Like a man who didn't question himself anymore. He looked Christ. He looked so f***ing good. Maybe Ros had taken him shopping or something. Suddenly he was dressing like the millionaire he was. Ilya was wearing shorts and a shirt that was covered in palm trees because he thought it would be funny. Now he felt like a f***ing idiot. He ordered another drink just so he'd stop staring at Shane. Hey, team, mate, Shane said hello, Captain. Because Shane had been select in Captain of their All-Star team, of course. Shane flagged the bartender down and Ilya noticed the expensive watch on his wrist. A gift from Roselandry. So this should be fun, huh? Shane said, always wondered what it would be like to play on the same team. Did you bring anyone with you? Ilya asked Shane Shugas head. Get it? Play on the same team. They play for the same team. They don't have to wonder what it's like to play for the same team because they already play for the same team. Did you bring anyone with you? Ilya asked Shane Shugas head, no. I mean, my parents thought about it. But they've been to so many of these things and they're already going to Mexico next month. So Roselandry must be busy filming somewhere. You look good too, Ilya said. He's jealous. He's so jealous. But he doesn't know yet that they're not even together. You look good too, Ilya said. Someone take you shopping. Shane looked at him. If I tell you something, do you promise not to tell anyone or make fun of me? Ilya felt an icy stab of dread in his stomach he breaks himself and said, sure, Ilya waited for the words. I'm seeing someone. I'm engaged. I don't need you anymore. I hired a personal stylist for a moment there was silence. Then Ilya burst out laughing. Aw, if he said delighted. I shouldn't have told you. This has nothing to do with Roselandry. What? No, I mean, yeah. Her friends were all really well dressed all the time. I guess maybe I felt like a slob whenever we went out together. Are you and her not? Shane Shugas head. We're not. No. It was just a short thing. She's great. We're just, we just weren't compatible. He looks seriously at Ilya. Then Ilya wanted to kiss him. They sat in silence for a while. Ilya planted his hands behind him next to Shane's in the sand and struts his long legs out. His feet were bare like Shane's. I looked up the word Ilya said, compatible. What? I thought I knew what it meant. But I wanted to check. Shane thought for a moment then realized what Ilya was referring to. Oh, you and Roselandry. Yeah, not compatible. Not that way anyway. Ilya was quiet. Shane looked around to see if anybody close enough could hear them. They seemed to be alone. It was very dark. When do you fly out? Early. Ilya said. Me too. Columbus. Toronto. When Ilya said it, he rolled the R's like. Toronto. He rolled the R's slightly in pronounced. The second teeth. Toronto. Shane smiled. Without a warning, Ilya moved his hand until it was right next to Shane's. And then he hooked their thumbs together. What room were you in? Shane whispered 1217. I'd like to talk. Some were private. Ilya pulled his thumb away. Shane wanted to grab it back. Ilya's students said, see you soon before walking back into the hotel. Chapter 17. He crossed the room without speaking in sound on the end of the bed. He clasped his hands together and looked at the floor. Whoa, Ilya said. This looks serious. It's not, I mean, sort of. Just shut up a second, all right? Ilya sat himself on the dresser directly across from the end of the bed and waited. It's Shane Grimitz. It's not just me, right? Not just you. I mean, you feel it too, don't you? You know what I mean. The last time we were together, it was different. Ilya shrugged and looked away at you, right? He knew it was the wrong reaction, but he felt a horrifying swallow emotion that he couldn't let Shane see. Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. Shane said, angerly. It's hard enough without you being an asshole. Ilya turned back to him. His face carefully hiding everything he was feeling. What do you want to tell him, though? I, Shane, didn't seem to have any idea what to say next. We get together, we f***ing... It's simple. Simple. Shane Grimitz, right? Ilya shrugged. It's simple for me. Bullshit. Ilya rolled his eyes. Why was I all under saying any of this? Why now? I think I'm gay. Shane blared it out. Ilya looked at him, startled for a moment. Then he laughed. Oh yeah? What gives you that idea? Shane glared at him, which made Ilya laugh more. The last time I f***ed was in your mouth, I thought you might be a little gay. Ilya teased. Off. You're not gay. No, Ilya said serious again. Not completely. Well, I think I might be. Completely. Ilya studied him for a moment then said, Okay, so you're gay. So what? Well, a sort of a big deal to me at least. Sorry if I'm boring you. Ilya slid on the dresser and went to the midi bridge. He pulled out a can of coke and a can of ginger out. Oh, he ended the ginger out to Shane. Oh, and he sat the side of the bed. Why are you telling me you are gay? Ilya asked me when I come out to your mom. Why are you telling me that you're gay? Ilya asked why. Shane laughed humorously. Who else am I going to tell? Ilya took a sip of his coke. You are not the only gay NHL hot player probably. Last time we were together it was nice. He said, Why Lee Ilya was silent for a moment. Then admitted it was. I felt like we were more. We can't be more Holland. Shane turned his head sharply to look at Ilya. Would you want to be if we could? We can't. That's not what I asked. Ilya stood up and set his coke can town hard on the dresser. It doesn't f***ing match. Shane bled and f***ed over with the can of ginger. He hadn't even opened. I can't keep pretending. I don't like you. He said finally you don't like. Ilya has a coke can. I'm sorry. I'm going. I know. I do. Maybe I like you too much. Ilya's heart clenched. Don't. Don't f***ing do this, Holland. I'm not worth it. Ilya glared at him. Yeah. I'm not gay. Get gay. I'm not gay. And I can't be anything close to it. Okay. Shane laughed. Well, you're doing a shitty job of that. Not public. I can't. I would not be able to go home. Your family. Russia. I could not go home to Russia. Shane looked horrified. What would happen to you? I don't want to find out. He seemed to consider this. Would your parents help? Ilya shook his head and sat himself on the floor against the wall. My father is a cop. Oh, Acap. Jesus. My brother is a cop. What about your mother? Cop. Dead. Oh. Oh. Oh. Sorry. I was young, Ilya said. Waving his hand as if his mother's death was no consequence to him. Which was far from the truth. I love my country. But I could not stay there. Would have made my life a lot easier. Shane joked. They both laughed. Shane shook his head and looked at the ceiling and Ilya stared at him. At this oddly insecure superstar who was so beautiful and sweet and here. It was late and Shane knew he needed to go back to his own room. But he was in bed with Ilya not just in bed. But cuddled together with Ilya gently stroking his hair. Shane was rolling Ilya's crucifix between his thuminous finger. Stay. Ilya said can't. But he loved that Ilya was asking. No one will ever f**king notice this weekend is chaos. Too risky. Ilya shook his head. When will I have you for as long as I want? Shane's heart left. I don't know as soon as possible. Yes. Ilya leaned in and kissed him. After I went in the Stanley Cup to see I wish you'd go somewhere. Shane helped. You're not winning that cup. And where on earth would we go? Shane huffed. You're not winning that cup. And where on earth would we go? I don't know. Somewhere in the no one knows us. What? Like the moon? No, like Fiji. Uh, no. That all that takes is one Canadian tourist with an iPhone. Look, climb it out and find a cave. There was this long 10 silence between them. Then Ilya said good night Shane. A jolt of pleasure zipped through Shane's body. Every time Ilya called him by his first name, good night Ilya. He checked to make sure the hallway was empty. Then slipped out of Ilya's room. Because the hall was empty. No one saw the smile that nearly split Shane's face in hell. Oh! Upcourt Nicole. February 2017, Montreal. You know who else is from Montreal? Seizal Margarit. No. Seizal Margarit, and Ilya, bum, Brass or from, Montreal. Everyone knows you from Montreal. Lily? Where are you? Home? Shane, yeah just got back from the run. Lily, nice. I'll sweat you. Shane laughed about it. Take a shower. Lily, we should skype all you do that. Video phone. Shane, my phone would get wet. Like you so tight fit. Why have we never said before? Shane was surprised by this. You'd want to? Lily, maybe. Would you? Yes, you know, it was time I like phone sex or video sex or whatever. Shane had never done anything like that with anyone before. But it was a possibility for them. Is you into that, let's break that internet? If neither of them saved the call, it would be safe, right? Shane changed the subject. Nice call last night, Lily. Yeah, well, you know. He's so fucking annoying. It's like, nice call. 2017. Boston. Lily, what time do you fly out tomorrow? Shane's here, his phone dumbfounded. He's certainly out and expected to be seeing Ilya before or after the game tonight. Early, why? No reply. Shane felt kind of bad about the why. That was needlessly. He knew why a few minutes later. Ilya wrote back. What are you doing now? Now? That was one o'clock in the afternoon on game day. Against Boston. Nothing. I'm in my hotel room. He stopped himself from writing why again. Lily, come over. Shane's heart stopped. Come over. Come over now. I thought you were not coming. Ilya said with an annoyed little smirk. Yeah, well, Ilya smirked. I grew into a genuine warm smell. Shane's heart lurched. And then they were kissing and pulling at Chloe and sibling toward the bedroom, not breaking contact. Shane washed him as he licked and sucked his... And allowed himself a moment to wonder at Ilya's desperate need for this before a game. Why was he so hungry for Shane that he had broken their sacred rule, God? He was so good at this mouth. Something is wrong with Ilya. The thought hit Shane suddenly. He should ask him about it after. And the wake of his unrelease. Shane could feel himself starting to panic. This was weird and bad and weird. They should have a thousand percent not be doing this. Which was like one percent more than the usual man doing this. Ilya was breathing Shane's name like his first name, like a prayer and gazing at him. Like he was just as close as Shane was to saying something truly embarrassing and stupid and definite. Shane dug his fingers into the hard muscle of Ilya's thighs as he took his deeper to his mouth. He kept his mouth busy. He would be able to use it to ruin everything. Ilya warned him because he knew Shane didn't always like to take it in his mouth. But this time Shane did want it. And he sucked harder until Ilya cried out in a mixture of Russian and English and down Shane's throat. Shane flopped his sight Ilya on the bed. Ilya started laughing. What? Shane never replied. But he felt the same way. I have to go. He said after a minute. Yes. Shane sat up and moved to leave the bed when he remembered, Hey, um, are you all right? Are you okay? I mean, I know we don't really talk, but if you need to, I'm fine. So calmly and easily, Shane didn't buy it. Is it, is it your dad? Ilya sighed heavily and scrubbed a head over his face. My father is dying. But that is not the problem. Oh, it is Paulina. My stepmother. She is. He twists his hand around the air, searching for the word sad. Shane got Ilya laughed darkly. No, she's planning for her future. My father does not have any money left. Oh, she has been calling me. Oh, she wants money. They all want money. My brother, my father before he, Shane re-showroom took a list and will you give them any? I already have plenty of it. They want more. He laughed again. They don't give a shit about me or my career. They know I make a lot of money. I'm sorry. Shane brushed his thumb over Ilya's knuckles. The last time I talked to my father was a couple of weeks ago. He asked if I could pick up some bread on the way home. Shane didn't know what to say. It was truly heartbreaking. The worst part is, Ilya sighed quietly. I like talking to him better like this. He was real f**k asshole when he was. himself. The next day, Detroit. You hear about Rosinoff? Shane stopped tying his skate and looked at the bench across from him. We're Gilbert. Camo and JJ were chatting in French. What about Rosinoff? Shane asked also in French. They both looked to him surprised. No doubt. By the slightest panic in his voice, Camo shrugged. He didn't fly to Nashville with the rest of the team today. He flew separately. Shane asked stupidly. No, Camo said looking at Shane like he was a little bit dumb. He is an in Nashville. He wasn't expecting him to answer, but he wanted to miss call. That at least be recorded on Ilya's phone. He wanted Ilya to know he was concerned. But Ilya did answer. Call in there? Yeah, hi. There was a long silence. Are you okay? Shane finally asked. He heard Ilya half out of humorous laugh. I don't know. Where are you? Home. In Boston, are you sick? No. Home in Moscow. Shane wasn't expecting that. Moscow, did something happen? Oh shit. Your father? Yes. Dead. I will be back by end of the week. He said stiffly. Two days later, Buffalo. His phone rang. Shane answered it immediately. The stairwell was silent and empty. He leaned against the wall of the landing below his floor. How are you doing? He asked not even bothering with hello. I feel like I don't know. Bad. How's your family treating you? I gave it dark laugh. Like I should not be here. That's ridiculous. He was your father. Yes, well, was a pause and Shane waited. I am paying for everything. So that makes me of use. Tell me everything you want to say. He said in Russian. I won't understand, but maybe it will help. Popcorn Jake. There was a silence that was long enough for Shane to physically cringe at himself. He was about to take it back when he heard Ilya quietly say, okay, the next several minutes were filled with Ilya's voice sounding more animated and flustered than Shane had ever heard him. He was used to Ilya saying more with a teasing smile or calculated look than with actual words. But now it was like a damn headburst. When he was finished, Ilya gave an embarrass sounding little laugh and said, I'm done. It was jarring to hear him switch suddenly back to English. Shane felt his head clear like he was waking from a dream. Feel better? He asked? Yes, thank you. Moscow. Something occurred to Ilya after he ended the call with Shane. Maybe Shane had recorded that call and was going to run it through some sort of translating app later. But Shane wouldn't do that. Would he? Ilya stopped into a coffee shop in order to cappuccino. While he waited for it, he tried not to imagine scenarios where Shane would somehow translate everywhere Ilya had just said. Mostly he had just been ranting about his family. But he had included an admission that he wished things could have been different with his father that he had stupidly always hoped that his father might tell him that he was proud of him. All that admission would have been embarrassing enough. But Ilya also had slipped in and on top of everything, I'm pretty sure I'm in love with you and I don't know what to do about it. What do you do about it? You tell. You tell? You tell? You say it? You say it? Well, yeah. The next day in Montreal. If you're wondering if I'll be back in time for a game of Montreal, I don't give a shit about that, Ilya. You know that's not why I'm calling. Another sign. Should you really be alone right now Shane? As? I'm not alone. Ilya said you are here now, yes? Shane's hand flew to his chest to make sure his heart was still beating. He could have sworn it had just melted in a gooey puddle. I wish you could warp to Moscow. Just instantly appeared Ilya's apartment and hold him and tell him it was all right to be conflicted about his father's death. That he didn't know his family anything and that he should leave them all behind because they made him miserable and he doesn't need them anyway. Instead, he said, yeah, I'm here. I don't want to come back here. Shane was confused by the sudden topic change. To Russia, you mean, duh. I want to become an American or Canadian, but I am in America. So in that moment, Shane wished like hell that Ilya had played for a Canadian team. You should have you looked into we should get married. Ilya said, what? Shane flushed right down to his toes, not to each other. Oh, okay. Shane knew he should end the call, let Ilya get some sleep, but instead he blurted out, you should come to the cottage this summer. Codage, what are you talking about? My cottage, in Ontario. You're not going back to Russia, so come to my cottage with me. It's quiet and beautiful and private. For a moment Ilya didn't say anything and Shane thought he had really fallen asleep. I will think about it. Ilya said finally. He's never going to be your boyfriend, Shane. Oh god, that was what Shane Wadden was in it. He didn't just want to be Ilya's dirty secret. He didn't want the relationship to be nothing but sex. He wanted to comfort Ilya when he was sad and talk to him on the phone and settle together in the couch and watch movies. He would take this short phone call they had just shared over any of their sexual encounters. Well, almost any of their sexual encounters. Shane grown and fell back onto his bed covering his face with his hands. He was super. The next day, Moscow. This is cute. I know. This is sweet. I know. Are you home? The reply was immediate. Shane, yes. Ilya smiled and wrote Skype. He waited and wondered if Shane understood what Ilya was suggesting. Okay, Shane texted back just a sec. He sent Shane a video call request. Shane accepted and there he was filling the screen of Ilya's iPad. Were you thinking we could, you know, do stuff? Shane asked nervously. Why don't you get on the bed? He suggested so much for small talk, I guess. And take a shirt off. Bossy. Is there a way I can see more of you? Oh, yeah, maybe I can just a sec. I think you like to be told what to do, Hollander. Yeah, this is true. I am noticed not about him. Shane, that Shane does? Yeah. Shane sucked in a breath. Maybe a little. And you're a little show off. I am not. You are. You love praise. You want everyone to see how good you are. I think you just have a fetish for good boys. Ilya, laugh. Is that what you are? Are you hard right now, Hollander? What do you think? Ilya smirked. Show me. Get on your knees. Face the camera. Show me. Shane obeyed immediately, which Ilya found incredibly hot. His head went out of the frame, but Ilya could see his abs and the way his sweatpants pulled tight against his obvious bulge when Shane spread his knees wide on the mattress. You too, Shane said. Off camera. I want to see Ilya smile, though Shane couldn't see it now. He tucked his thumbs into the waistband of his track pants and slid them down off his hips. When he looked up, he saw Shane stroking himself through the fabric of his sweatpants. No underwear. Shane observed. You were planning for this. Maybe he wrapped his hand around his... and shook his belly. My pants are off. What would you do now? Shane dipped down into the frame. His head was cocked. This is so fun. Like literally, like you could only see his body and then he's like, um... I would probably... I would probably... I think you know exactly what I would do after all these years. Me too. I love your mouth, Hollander. Would you want me to f*** your mouth or just keep still and let you do the work? Keep still. I do it. Make you feel so good. I feel like I'm like Chris Hansen. And... Are you an expert at reading the crazy tags? Would you want me to f*** your mouth? Or just keep still and let you work? Keep still. I do it. Make you feel so good. And now Ilya mode. Shane gets his pants and breathes down so they were stretched wide across his bread thighs. He stroked himself, sliding his thumb over his slit. I told you. There's a lot of slits. Ilya do it must be wet. Shane always leaked like a found... He leaks like a found girl. Like he needs to go to a plumber. Shane leaded himself back down on the bed and his head nestled on one of his pillows. He reached and pulled his tablet close which was face smile, child Ilya melted a little more and positioned himself the same way on the bed pulling his own iPad close. They're literally doing this on the iPads. Or just use your phone. They're rich if they can have like... No, because your eye pad is so hard to move. Here's the tip. If you have your phone, it's literally like... You try to get out with the nighpad. Yeah, exactly, right? You're very beautiful. Ilya said, Shane smiles without opening his eyes. Come on. Is the truth your freckles? Ilya agrees to fingertip over his own cheek. I'm not so about them. I have no idea why. I hate them. No. Ilya mode. Hollander, they are stunning. They're literally stunning. Stunning? Yes. Am I not using that word right? Very beautiful. Um, take my breath. You're very attractive, Ilya. Shane said in an exaggerated, placating tone. Not good enough. I want details. Shane opened his eyes and rolled them but that crooked, fucking smile of yours, I can't even tell you that smile haunts me. Haunts you like a ghost. That doesn't sound like a good thing. It is. And your eyes, I love your eyes. So romantic, Hollander. You ask for compliments. Are you even doing anything down there or am I the only one doing anywhere? Do you ever think of me, Shane? Wait, wait, do you know that one video? Do you ever think of me? But do you ever think of me? Do you ever find yourself wondering what am I doing? Or like, what am I doing in width? Or like, what perfume am I wearing? Do you ever think of me? When you're doing this alone, he blushed furiously as soon as he said it. Cute as hell. Yes, I do too. A lot all the time. Maybe every time, honestly, Ilya raised an eyebrow. Oh, every time. He saw Shane's shoulder lift a tiny shrug. I've never had anything like this with anyone else. I've never come since I saw you last. You know that. Ilya had healed sharply and sped up his hand. It occurred to him that he hadn't had an orgasm in a couple days of himself, which was an epic drought for him. You want to race? Right? Up or into cold. April 2017, Montreal. Hi. Ilya glanced at him and nodded. Hollander. Shane flipped his stick around so he could pretend he'd be inspecting the tape on his blade. We salon for a night after Ilya nodded again. His gaze fixed on the corner of the arena. Same place. Yeah. Pat was so fast, Ilya could barely process it. One second, Shane was racing down the ice. And then the next he was slamming against the boars after colliding hard with Cliff Marlon. Oh, what? And then he was crumpled and motionless on the ice. No. Ilya didn't know what to do. Shane? Blurry bright, shapes, and screeching noise. Don't move, all right? Just say still. We're going to take you off the ice. Ice. Hollander. A different voice. Ilya? Did I say that? Shane heard his own voice. But how did he move his lips? He linked trying to get his eyes to focus. Is he all right? That was Ilya's voice for sure. It sounded different though. It was unsteady panic. Mm, okay. I shouldn't even wear a word. Yeah, no idea if it was true, but he didn't want to hear the worry and Ilya's voice anymore. We're going to move you onto the spinal board, Shane. Keep your head still. Pace a spinal board. No. Ilya, please stand back. The authoritative voice said and the dark blur that had been looming over Shane disappeared. We're not alone. Shane's slurred. Ilya, they can see us. He fell hand on his arms and legs. He felt strapped, securing him to the board. Is he all right? Ilya's voice said again, no one answered him. Tell him, Shane said, tell him I'm fine. Oh, no. What happened? He's paralyzed for the rest of his life. You grit it out. You took a blow to the head. You went into the board. Yeah, he did. There's he's been a lot of blows. He's been he's been taking blows. There's an ambulance waiting. Shane pressed his lips together. His eyes were singing. He was scared. He felt cooler on his fiesta. I want to remove the skates. Can you move your toes? Fuck, he really, really hoped so. Feeling a cold air. He had to be a good sign though, right? Good. The paramedic said because apparently Shane had successfully wiggled his toes. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Yes. He thought of Ilya. He wished he could text him. He wished he could tell him that he wiggled his toes. Ilya, she can exclaimed. He had his left arm in his leg. Hi, Ilya said, I'll go really. I just needed. Are you, I'm okay. Shane said he smiled, Charlie, and Ilya knew he was happy to see him. I mean, I have a concussion and a fracture collarbone. I'm out for the playoffs, but because have been worse. Yeah. It's part of the game. I know he's not a vicious player. We all get our bell wrong eventually, right? I mean, I hope we do. I hope we all get our bell wrong eventually. I'm ringing ding-ding, girl. Shane reached his hand up and took Ilya's, tangling their fingers together and holding tight. Will you come to the cottage? I don't know. No, no. There was no way I could do that. He could possibly spend that much time alone with Shane. Not if he ever wanted to be free of this. We can have one week or two, Ilya. Shane said, having you ever wanted more time? Ilya's stomach clenched. He should just say, no, let Shane believe that he didn't want any more from him than an hour or two they stole a few times each season. But instead, he brushed his thumb over the back of Shane's hand and said, of course. And come to the cottage, please. It will just be the two of us completely alone for as long as you want to stay. And God, that sounded so perfect. And Shane was looking at him like his heart would shatter if Ilya said no. So Ilya took the cowards way out, maybe. May 2017, Ottawa. Ros and office hurt. Shane turned his head from where he was lying on the couch looking at his mother. What makes you say that? He's protecting his ribs. You can tell by the way he's angled. Look, pointing at the slow-mo replay on their television. Right there, he turns away from the hit. He could have taken out Hunter off the puck there but he chickened out. Mom was right, of course. Shane always knew Ilya was secretly playing the second round of the playoffs with Bruce Ribs. I think New York is going to win the cup. His mother said, New York, they just need to remind everyone that they're Canadian. Yeah. They're like, slip an A. They slip an A whenever they can. Well, his father said cheerfully, at least we won't have to watch Ros and Oflip the cup. Shane grimaced. And truth, he would love to see Ros and Oflip the cup. It was nice of him to visit Shane in the hospital, though, Mom pointed out. He gets points for that. Dad made a noise in agreement. Shane wished he could remember the details of the hospital visit. His brain had been muddled by the injury and more muddled by the drugs. He could remember Ilya's gentle fingers on his face and in his hair. He remember being so happy to see him. Even now, just knowing that Ilya had made the trip to the hospital filled Shane with tingly warmth. He was in love with him. And he could never ever tell him that. But maybe. Maybe he could at least tell his parents just part of the truth. Popcorn Jake. He had the most ridiculous urge to send Ilya text that said, I love you. He had those words trapped inside of him filling every part of him in the strain of keeping them from slipping out was getting harder to endure. Instead, he texted Ros. Shane, my mom is wondering when we're getting back together. She replied a few minutes later. Huck. Then, sorry. It's really not funny. How are you? How's your head? How have I got any complaints? Do you have a hot-millonurst taking care of you? Shane laughed. Which called him... I think you're already good. I was like, he doesn't say that. How was your head? That's like popular, aren't you? I know. I know you've said that to me a million lives. Shane laughed, which caused both of his parents to look at him. No, I'm at my parents' house. That's a shame. Maybe you could ask them to hire me a hot-mill nurse. Is that a good way to come out? Ros, I lead to LOL, Shane. Who's 2017 Boston? Ilya glanced up at the television and saw the Stanley Cup being handed to a beaming Scott Hunter. Shane, I'm happy for him. Ilya, of course you are. Players on the television were kissing their wives and holding their children. It would be nice. Ilya thought to have someone to kiss after winning the cup. Maybe that should be the goal for next year. Forget about Shane and find himself a woman. He could like enough to keep around until the end of playoffs. Ilya reached for the remote and was about to turn off the television when Holy Sh- Scott Hunter was kissing a man. Not like one of his teammates on the cheek in an I love you broke, I'm a way. Scott Hunter was kissing a man wearing street clothes. Full on the f- mouth. It looked like tongues were involved. Ilya's phone buzz, Shane. Holy Sh- Are you seeing this? What the f- Is that his boyfriend? Ilya just stared at the television at Scott Hunter and his probable boyfriend or Scott Hunter in the random Cuban. He pulled out of the crowd. Ilya couldn't process what he was seeing. How could it possibly be real? But there was Hunter smiling at this mystery man. Like he was the only thing that mattered in the world. And holding his face, he leaned into his am again. Ilya felt like he was watching all the worst things about his life getting sucked up by a tornado. This is literally how I feel. Watching shows with hot gay people in it and things about gay high schoolers who are in relationship. I feel like the were all the worst things about my life are getting sucked up by a tornado. Why can't I hold you in the street? Why can't I kiss you on the dance floor? Yeah, but then look what happens after. Then the cameras got away and Ilya took his phone, Shane. What is happening? Did he really just do that? Ilya stabbed a call button. There was only one ring before. Holy shit, Ilya. Can you believe I'm coming to the cottage? This gave them the motivation to be like, you know what? Fine, we will spend time together. Because now there's a hockey player like a real one in the real life. No, he's not out. And I don't think he's like comming on sexuality. He's known to be like a serial bully. I just saw that he commented on heated rivalry today that he was like, hopefully this will encourage a lot of people to be able to feel comfortable coming out in the NHL. But like everyone's like, he's a horrible person. Like for him to be saying this, like they're like, this is literally heated rivalry like in real life. July 2017, Ottawa. This is part four. He wished he could have gone to the airport to gree Ilya properly. But one of them alone in the airport would turn enough heads. The two of them together would be a pandemonium. Being gay or whatever was not really the thing that would create a scandal. Being your biggest rival over the course of your entire NHL career was something that no one would understand. Literally nobody gives a f- Nobody cares. Nobody gives a- Oh, they were f-ing the whole time. That's hot? Yeah, I can't even think right now and I know I'm not into sports. But I can't even think of two athletes who are rivals against you. That's one of them. You know what I mean? Like, who gives a f- eggs? I'm like, aren't they all rivals to one another? Like, aren't they all? Jesus Christ, he was in Shane Holland's home. Or so I could give you a tour if you'd like Shane said. Ilya closed the distance between them and slowed a little bit step. Shane choked, tilted his head up to face him and Ilya could see him swallow. They stood for a moment, silently staring at each other, waiting for whatever was going to happen. And then, finally, Ilya reached his hand up and brushed the backs of his fingers against Shane's cheek. Shane unconsciously licked his lip and Ilya moved into Kiss him. He went willing nearly down to the sofa when Shane shoved him. To firm grip on Shane's t-shirt. So the other man immediately told the other man. The other man. He was the other man. There's only two of them. Ilya kissed Shane wildly jerking his hips up to get more friction on his- and he was delighted to feel that Shane was as hard as he was. He pulled Shane's shirt off over his head, let his hands down to open Shane's fly. Shane panted. I'm- it's kind of been a while. I might not last long. Yes, say, but we have two weeks, right? Shane laughed right. Then, wait, same. You said same. You haven't been with anyone lately. Ilya grimaced. He probably shouldn't have admitted that, but no, like not since. No, not since. Can we please get back to? Really? Shane pulled back so he could look at Ilya directly in the eyes. He looks stunned and way way too happy. It's not that big a deal, Hollander, relax. It's been like months, yes, which is why I would really like to- I haven't either. Shane said quickly. Not since the last time we were together in Boston. Well, then Ilya said moving his hands to continue to work his way into Shane's pants, but Shane didn't go back to grinding his hips or attacking Ilya's mouth with filthy desperate kisses. Instead, he reached up and gently brushed a lock up here out of Ilya's face. Ilya could only stare at best Marise that Shane's face as he looked down at him with so much tenderness. I have an idea, Shane said. He was brushing his thumb over Ilya's bottom lip and he said it. What? Ilya asked with more bravery than he felt. Let's be honest with each other. For these two weeks, let's just say what we're actually thinking. Maybe say how we really feel. I can't, Ilya wanted to say, I can't because if I do, you'll think I'm pathetic or worse. No, that's Shane. Shane's pathetic. Not Ilya. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you can't be pathetic. Or worse, you'll say it back and then what the fuck are we supposed to do? I will try, he said instead. Will you? Shane, skeptically, yes. I'll do anything if it will make you touch my ass right now. The clothing that had stayed on their bodies was rumpled and unfastened. Their hair was messy. They talked quietly to each other as they, there was no other word for it. Cuddled for an hour. Shane was twisting Shane's hair around his fingers, gently releasing them, Ilya tracing his fingertips over Shane's freckles every now and again. Ilya would kiss Shane's jaw or his throat or one time the tip of his nose. Ilya couldn't believe what he had been reduced to. He was infatuated, it was disgusting. Are you going to show me my room? Well, I have four guest rooms, Shane said. Would you like the one with the view? I need one with the king size bed. They all have king size beds. And on the sweet bathroom. Oh, I'm afraid there's only one room with an unsweeted bathroom. I have very specific needs. I'll try to be accommodating. He breathes his last breath again, Ilya is left and then kisses him. It was fun, wonderful. It's just cute that they, how they're flirting. Oh, okay. It's cute. I was like, I was like, that's, I mean, yeah. He's like, well, I'm gonna need, you know, like a bathroom or task. He's like, well, there's only one room with a bathroom bed. I want to sleep in your bed, Shane, hall and door, Ilya, murmur. I want to do lots of things in my bed. Show me, take me to bed. This is your room, Ilya said more to himself than to Shane. Yeah, probably even more so than my room back in Montreal. This place is home. This is your parents. Ilya said pointing to a frame photo, sitting on the dresser. Yeah, with a playful little grin, Ilya flipped the photo so it lay face down. I did not want to shock them. He said Shane laughed. The kiss felt weird and Shane realized it was because neither of them could stop smiling. You're here, he murmured. Yes, now take off your clothes. They just fucked downstairs. I know, and you're gonna do it again. I'm so happy for them. I'm so happy for them. They're taking like, horny goat weed or something. Like at the, I think after, something like that. That's a long time. That they weren't with anyone else. No, that they didn't at all. At all. That's what they were saying. I don't think so. I think they said with anyone else. That's why it was, that's why it was gonna happen. So, I think they said, that you want else. Oh, Ilya slid a hand out his brick test like a stripper. He paused at the button on his shorts and raised an eyebrow at Shane. What is this magic mic shit? Shane asked grinning. Ilya was going to leave a mark. I hate you. He kept sucking on Shane's neck. But Shane realized that it didn't matter. For the first time ever, they didn't have to worry about evidence, about anything. No one would ever know what happened here. Harder Shane said, I wanna see it later. They're making up for lost time that they didn't get when they were like 16. Teenagers, yeah. Yeah, because I, I remember when I got a Hickey and I thought I was the fucking coolest. I hate Hickeys, I think they're stupid. Okay, well yes, I'm not 16 anymore, but I was excited for like my 16 year old self. Yeah, mark me. Mark me. So everyone knows how you sucked on my neck. Ilya growled. Oh. Oh wow. So what they do on TikTok? Oh wow. Maybe in 2020. He sucked hard enough for that for a hysterical second. Shane wondered if he might actually be a vampire. Are there Russian vampires? No dummy vampires are real. Ilya gently licked the spot and Shane squirmed happily. Mine Ilya's brought tickled Shane's skin when he spoke a single word. Yours. Shane said dreamily. All of this for two weeks is mine. Forever Shane wanted to say, forever if you ask. Oh God, Shane wanted this. He wanted to thrust his ass into the air and to command Ilya to hurry the fuck up and fuck me. But Ilya was making a slow journey down Shane's body. Losing a soft kiss on each notch of his spine, he was in no hurry at all. Gorgeous. Ilya sighed between kisses. The word in his accent was dark and lush. It slid over Shane's skin. And in that moment he felt gorgeous. Ilya went to be gorgeous. Ilya reached the base of Shane's spine and Shane expected him to pull away. Maybe grab the loop. But instead Ilya did something he had never done before. He kept going. His tongue slipped into the crease of Shane's ass. Oh no. No. No. No. You're like, Nicole, I don't like how you just go from like, oh, they start, they start. They, why are we doing the scene? I put in a mixture of everything. You did a hand job. This one, you don't get a hand job in this one. Oh, you suck. We don't need to include sucking every time. But now we're at the part. Yes. Oh my God. His tongue slipped into the crease of Shane's ass. His big hand pulled his cheeks apart. Shane held his breath. He couldn't believe Ilya would actually going to, oh God, Ilya. Shane felt the wet heat of Ilya's tongue lapping at his whole. I don't like that word. He didn't need to say that. Laughing at his whole. Laughing at his whole. Laughing at his whole. Laughing at his whole. And he had never experienced anything like it. It was impossible. It was so bold and fearless and so Ilya. His tongue paused a moment. Ilya said, good, great. Like, I'm happy for them. I'm so happy for them. I just wish I never read laughing at my whole. Ilya's tongue was inside him. Warm and slippery and intrusive. It was summer rare. Definitely was not supposed to be, but it felt so, so, so, so good. So, so, so, so, so, so good. The holy God, that's amazing. Thank you for laughing at my whole. Just like he refused to be embarrassed by the desperate noise as Ilya was drawing out of him by f***ing his ass with his tongue. Shane was going to, the realization had suddenly an in panic. He jerked his hips off the bed to remove any friction against his aching, unfortunate, the move. Also caused him to smash Ilya's face in with his ass. Ah, what the fuck, Holland, they're sorry. He hit him in the jaw with his ass. With his ass down. Ilya thrust faster so he's inside of him now. Keeping his eyes on Shane's then Shane erupted. He screamed and arched as his coated stomach in his chest. And then Ilya placed a palm on the side of Shane's face and just looked at him. For a while, I can't say Shane thought Ilya was going to be the one to say those for binwreys, but he didn't. Instead, he pulled it out of him and fell on the mattress beside him. Shane rolled to his side and Ilya did the same facing him. Shane smiled because the last time he had this view of him, Ilya had been in Moscow and Shane had been in Montreal. I was slowly getting into town. Aww. I mean, you love gay sex? Yeah. Just like mommy. Pockernacle. That morning Shane had woken up early because he hadn't closed the blinds the night before. Sunshine had streamed into the room reflecting off the white bedsheets and off the beautiful man who had been wrapped up in them. Shane had taken advantage of the moment while Ilya had still been asleep as an opportunity to drink his fill of him. Ilya had been on his back. His arm striped over his forehead. His long fingers curled against the pillow. Shane had traced fingertip down that arm over the swell of Ilya's bicep because he couldn't help it. The morning light was making everything beautiful and Shane was in love. So he had leaned in and lightly kissed Ilya's wrist. I was your head. Ilya said no complaints. Shane had complained of Ilya that afternoon. He'd said that they'd been comments since his injury. Oh, better now, thanks. That was good news because Ilya very much wanted to do stuff later. Shane constantly lit up. The screen started laying bright in the dark. That's around them. When Shane glanced at the screen, his face lit up almost as brightly. What? Ilya said he couldn't help it. Oh, Shane said absolutely as he typed something. Nothing, just a message from Rose. Ilya said Rose. What does Rose want? She's just checking in. Hey, you're not jealous. Are you? No. This is the least convincing lie ever. Ilya, I'm gay. Not too gay to f*** Rose Landry. Shane put the phone down and glared at him. Oh my God, I only slept with her a couple of times and they were both disasters. Believe me, she is not looking for repeat performance. It is a press to grant disasters. I'm not giving you the details, so shut it. Have you talked to your family in Russia at all? The question came out of nowhere, which meant that it was something that had been on Shane's mind for a while and it was probably wasn't the real question that Shane wanted to ask. No, it's just my brother there now and he sucks. Oh right, much less comfortable silence fell between them. I'm sorry, Shane's never no reason why. Your family, my parents are just so great, I just wish you had that too. Ilya shrugged. My mother was great. He knew he shouldn't have said that because it was only gonna lead to how does she die? I've been 14 years almost, but a lump formed in Ilya's throat anyway. An accident. Because that was what his father had told everyone. It was what Ilya had been told very strongly, even though he knew it wasn't true at that age of 12. She had an accident, Ilya. You understand, yes? An accident, Shane asked. His hand was on Ilya's arm now squeezing him through the sleeve of his hood sweatshirt. Yes, so that's how humorless smile she accidentally swallowed a whole bottle of pills. Oops, that is so fucking Slavic. Like my mom, absolutely. Like she has told me some tragic news and then been like, oops. Yeah. Then barely gone past the first puck drop when Shane's phone rang. Shane glanced at him and found, it's Hayden, I should get it. Ilya rolled his eyes and hit pause, Hayden. He didn't actually know Hayden pike at all. He knew he was an average Ford, extremely unremarkable in the looks department and Shane's best friend. Shane walked a few steps behind the couch standing between the living room and the kitchen. Hey Hayden, how's him? How's the baby? Ilya had an idea. He crossed the room until he was standing right in front of Shane. He gave him a little smile and Shane froze his brow at him. Ilya's gaze started down to Shane's crotch and then back up again, Shane shook his head silently. So I was Jackie doing Shane asked the phone tire. Ilya unfasten the button on Shane's shorts. Shane shook his head again and more forcefully this time, but he wasn't like stopping him. Ilya slowly pulled down the zipper and was rewarded with a sharp inhale from Shane. Shane's short, short, ill-flore, and Ilya sank to his knees. He glanced up and saw Shane melting. Don't. Eyes bugged wide. Ilya pulled an exagerated, confused face. Don't what? He carefully peeled Shane's briefs off and slid them down to join his shorts on the floor. To be fair, Shane was soft. So maybe he really didn't want Ilya to be doing this. Ilya sat back on his heels, glanced up at Shane's face, trying to gauge whether or not he was into this game. Shane bit his bottom lip as he gaze back down to him and Ilya knew it was game on. Just one second Hayden, my mom is calling one second. Hit them, you butt noise phone. What the fuck, knock it off? I think you want it. I mean, no. It's fucking creepy. Is hot though. Yes, Shane half later. Okay, I might not want to later, Ilya. I won't touch you if you don't get hard. I won't do anything deal. Shane's mouth fell open. I won't get hard. Okay, then no problem. Shane scalded him and then went back to the call. Sorry about that Hayden. My mom can be really annoying sometimes. Ilya smiled because sure enough, Shane's twitched and was trying to plump up. I don't think I like this scene. I don't think this is wrong at least here or once. I understandably so. I don't like the idea of him talking to his friend while this is happening. Getting like full-ashe od. But starting at the base, Ilya looked a wide stripe off the shaft of Shane's finishing by lapping the glistening prick at the tip. All of your favorite things, lapping. Slit. Slit. Shane said then grimaced. Her, her, her, her. Shane pulled the phone away from his ear and frantically hit the mute button. Fuck. His free hand grabbed Ilya's shoulders, fingers fighting almost painfully as he spasmed and emptied himself into his tail. He was mal, the Shane took a deep breath in and out once his, finish and hit the mute button again. You there? Sorry bad connection now here sometimes. Nope. Ilya scrambled to the couch so he could smother his laughter with a pillow. Shane must have ended the call because suddenly he was on top of Ilya on the couch hitting him with another pillow. Fuck you, you asshole. That was the worst. Ilya pulled the pillow so that he was holding his face away. It's what's not. I don't like that. Oh, let's like basically sexually harass such a weird guy. You guys think that there's sexually harassing Hayden? You guys. Yeah, me and Kalinda died. No, I'm just saying it's like, that's weird. I don't like that. No, I mean, like, I feel like there's an ethical, weird, gray area of that like this person on the other end of the storm is like not consenting to like being a part of this. Even gave people can be criticized. I strongly believe I could have been cut out of the book and it wouldn't have changed anything. It's my thing. I think a lot of the sex in this book could be cut out and not a lot would be a genuinely true. Like it would probably look like a good length. I could marry Svetlana Ilya said out of nowhere. It was the following night and they were playing pool. Shane trying out the three ball that just missed the side pocket. He would have made that shot. If Ilya hadn't casually dropped his worst nightmare on him, I have this problem. Shane waited. I like women. I always was thinking that to get married would be nice kids all of that someday, but this problem will not go away. Shane Bitt is like, tell me about this problem. It's so annoying. Ilya sighed and Shane could see him fighting a grin. Always I'm with beautiful women, wonderful women everywhere. Sounds rough. Yes, listen, these women, they are so sexy and fun, but it's no matter. I cannot stop thinking about the short, hockey player with these stupid freckles. A week backhand. A week backhand, Shane could stop smiling. Yes, and he's so boring and he drives a terrible car and that's his my problem. All of these beautiful women and I'm always wishing they were him. Ilya bent to take his third shot. It's terrible problem. Fuck, Shane was gonna start crying right here in his games room. An adult man having a game room. He swallowed and said to himself, do you want the problem to go away? No, Ilya said seriously, looking Shane dead in the eye, I just want the problem to ever go away. Don't marry Svetlana, Shane blurted out. Ilya raised my eyebrow, just don't. I know it wouldn't be for love or whatever, but don't. Okay, we can figure something else out, okay? Ilya looks surprised, but he nodded. Okay, but I was thinking, Ilya said, it was late morning the next day and they were sitting on the deck with coffee. I played for a team that was not Boston, maybe in the West, the rivalry would not be such big deal. Shane seemed to consider this, that's true. We'd only play a game against each other twice a year. He frowned and Ilya knew he didn't like that idea any more than he did. We'd only see each other twice a year. It's like sacrifice for future game, yes? I have another idea, Shane said. He'd been thinking about what Ilya proposed all day and he had come up with a plan of his own. He brought himself up on an elbow and quoked at the sleepy Russian in the shoulder. Ilya rolled over at what idea? Beltwacht. What if you played for Ottawa? Ottawa is almost as bad as playing for Boston. We would be rivals just the same. Yes, but listen, first of all, Ottawa desperately needs a Sar Center. There's an opening there, but what if you played out there and we changed the narrative a bit? The what? What are these words? Hollin, they're untyers. Ilya is brow-frored. It is very late, Hollin, this is a lot of English. What's this your idea? You play for Ottawa, I play for Montreal. These cities are two hours apart. We start cheering together, you and me. Something that benefits both cities. So now people see us working together on something and we make up some story about how I approached you with this idea and where I approached you. What have just come out? The point is we tell the people press the fans, everyone, that by working together on the cause that means so much to both of us, we have developed mutual respect for each other. Yes, and we are also, each other, any questions? It's a great idea, Rosna. Ilya laughed, Shane had him with the pillow. It's not bad. Ilya finally conceded, so we start this charity and it wouldn't be bullshit either. I wanted to start one anyway. We'll do something that means a lot to the both of us. And you being Canada and you could play for a citizenship eventually? Yes, I understand that part. And maybe someday when we both retire, we can be together for real. Ilya looks stunned by that part. You really think that far ahead, Hollander? I do about this. You want that to be together? Popcorn Drake. I do so much terrifies me. Ilya turned his face away from Shane. It was silent, cold dread, flooded Shane's stomach. He had admitted too much, but Ilya turned back and quickly rolled on top of Shane and was kissing him and kissing him. And he kept murmuring the same thing and rushing over and over again until he pulled back and translated. I love you. Shane froze, then Ilya froze. Holy shit, Shane whispered. It wasn't how he had meant to respond. Ilya's eyes were so wide and scared. I love you too, Shane said. Ilya gave a shaky smile and he exhaled to Christ. Does it feel like an agony for you too? Ilya started to nod, then stopped. He shook his head slowly instead. Not anymore, Ilya Hollander is in love with me. He wanted to kiss him, but he couldn't stop looking at him. How could we let this happen? Ilya asked his voice was shagged, then he would have liked. I don't know, we were very stupid and irresponsible. They're acting like they just like had a teen pregnancy. Yeah. Shane wrapped trembling fingers around his... Trevor. Trumbling. Trumbling. Trumbling. He's cold. Warm him up. Trumbling fingers around his... Can carefully drag them up the length of his shaft. Ilya gasped at his display of obedience. He knew Shane wasn't lying about how dangerously close he was. His slit was dripping... I just knew you would love it so much. Yeah, you were like, let me put every instance of slit and... In here. It's so fun. I love how... What you get, Shane? Shut up. Shane's whole body was shaking. I'm trying to concentrate. Shane's release splashed against Ilya's chest. His body spasmed around. Ilya's... And Ilya was hurled over the edge, being hard with Garbled. I love you. What was your mother's name, Shane? I know. Why are you asking that? I know. What's wrong? Did they even clean up? No. They're... What was your mother's name? What was your mother's name? Shane asked suddenly. His fingers were tracing the chain around Ilya's neck. Ilya hadn't said her name in so long. It felt strange in his mouth. Why? You know what else felt strange in his mouth? I was just thinking. He propped himself up on an elbow. The charity we start. I think we should start a hockey school. Like we could have summer hockey camps in Ottawa and Montreal. And we give the money away. Yeah, I think we should give the money to a mental health organization. Maybe suicide prevention. So when is the moment when you guys came up with the idea for the charity? So we just finished boning. And we were talking about his mom. And his mom took a bunch of pills. And we were covered in pre-. Covered in pre-. He was... My pre-. On his finger. Like a basketball. I love you. I love you too. Can you say an Russian again? Ilya pulled Shane's hand to his lips and kissed his finger. Yeah. Cool, Pepe. You see my mom? She was trying to teach us too. How do you say that? Yalubluya, Tebya. You like this holander? Yes. I've wanted this for so long. Want to what? Tell me. You hear outside like this. Ilya sucked in a breath. What do you want me to do to you? Anything. I don't know. Everything. Tell me one thing. Ilya rocked harder against the hard muscle of Shane's thigh. I thought about you, me, outside on a deck or against a tree. His face flushed bright red, but Ilya smiled. The heat of Shane's release. Mingle with the cold damp fabric of his shorts. Ilya thrust a few more times against Shane's leg and cried out as his own... Pulse and spurted onto into his shirt. Do you see what I mean? I'm like, a lot of these sex scenes could be taken out. No, literally. I should all just be one big sex scene. It should be like a merge. After a minute, Ilya pulled himself out to a push-up position over Shane. Then quickly kissed him before sliding back into the water. Shane followed him, figuring it would at least lean his shorts a little bit. Now there's... In the middle of me. Ilya huffed and tilted. Shane's head back. I can't be good for the fish. No, it's definitely not. Kissing him deeper and more possessively. Shane felt dizzy with happiness to be held like this and kissed like this by the man he loved. The man who loved him back. Here at the place he loved more than anywhere else in the world. They both hear a noise. They both whip their heads around. They both saw Shane's dad standing inside the house staring frozen at where they were wrapped up in each other on the deck. For a moment, no one moved. No one made a sound. Everyone just stared. Then very quickly Shane's dad turned on his heel and walked toward the front door of his house. Shane, like, Ove Ilya and said, Shit. Your father? Yes. Yes. Okay. Mom and dad, I think we should talk. We forgot to buy dishwasher tablets. Dad said he sounded shell shocked. I just wanted to see if I could borrow some. I didn't know you had company. Just go to the goddamn store. No, let me go to the store. Go to the store all the way out of the fucking girl. Go to the store. Dad, it's okay. I'm sorry. You shouldn't have found out that way. Found out what exactly, Mom? I'm gay. I was going to tell you soon. I just, I'm sorry. I wish I had told you. His parents didn't say anything. They were both looking at Ilya. Like, he was a mountain lion that was about to attack. Um, and this is Ilya. Rossino. You probably know that. Hi. Ilya said. And hi. Hello. That's it. Hello. Hello. Hello. And he's been visiting. He's, we're, um, what were they exactly? It occurred to Shane that he and Ilya hadn't even figured out what label they were comfortable with. Lovers. So, yeah, awkward. Wait, it's used the grossest possible word, Ilya. You didn't ever let him win. Did you, Shane? Mom, no. He does not need to let me win. I would never. The team comes first. Always. And besides, I like beating him. What? Yeah. No. I like beating him. No, like that. They left Shane's parents cottage with the promise to come for dinner the following evening. Ilya wasn't sure how Shane felt about everything that had to do with him. He felt about everything that had just happened, but he thought he had gone surprisingly well. Holy shit. Shane said he haven't even turned the engine on. He was just sitting in the driver's seat with his forehead on the steering wheel. It was okay. Yes. Ilya offered. I don't know. Do you think it was? That was really weird. He went to the freezer and pulled out the bottle of vodka. He had sat there the day he'd arrived. It was good to still in small batches and possible by outside of Russia. He grabbed two glasses and carried them the bottle outside. It's maybe a good time for this. He said, holding up the bottle. Shane turned wearily in store day when he saw the vodka. The last time I drank that stuff was in Vegas. You remember? Yeah. Well, dude, did not ever drink this stuff. This vodka is special, he said. He handed Shane one of the glasses. Oh wow, Shane said that is strong. I might need cranberry juice or something. If you mix that's with cranberry juice, I will drown you in the lake. Sounds very eslavic to me. Yeah. I'm thinking about logistics, Shane said when they broke apart as if Ilya didn't just pour out his heart into that kiss. Like, the earliest you would be an auto would be the season after next when your contract is done with Boston, right? And then what? How many more years do you think you'll be playing? Hollander, I don't f***ing know. I'm just trying to get an idea of how long we'll be doing. What are you doing? Ilya dropped to his knees and he felt it was pretty obvious what he was doing. I am celebrating. He tugged Shane shorts down until they hit the wood of the deck. You should join me. Now? My head is racing. How can you even be thinking about s***s right now? Because it is a beautiful day and we are alone and I met your parents and I want you to calm the f*** down and I love you. Oh. But thought hit him that. This was it. This was going to be a f***ing life now. No more meaningless but undeniably hot. One night stands. No more booty calls. And he was on the road. He was going to give it all up for the chance at something lasting. For the chance to hold the heart. The most beautiful man who was exhaling Ilya's name like it was the most important word in the world. And I'm moving to Ottawa I think. And we're starting a charity and we will become friends. And we'll see each other all the time as much as possible and spend the summer together here. Yes. They kissed again. Ilya couldn't believe they had solved this impossible problem. Maybe it wouldn't go as smoothly as they imagined but it was a plan. And when I retire after I have won 12 Stanley Cups and 13 MVP awards the hell you will. And you've been retired for like eight years already because you got the very bad luck hockey. Okay. And I will bring you out to that dock out there and I will have a hundreds of candles all over it. That sounds like a fire hazard. Is on the water. Relax. Will be beautiful. You will love it. The candles. The lake. The full moon. Oh, is it a clear night? Yes, of course. And I will get down on one knee. Ilya. And I will say Shane Hollander. Will you please marry me so I can become Canadian citizen faster. Shane Burcell laughing and shoved him. You're such an asshole. Or maybe if Rose Landry wants to experience with you that isn't a disaster. No, three-some. Shane said that's my hard rule. Never try that. You might love it. Epilogue. 16 months later. Montreal. He tripped me. Hey, what the f***. Graph that was tripping Shane glared up at the graph. And then Ilya was looming over him at his auto-adjursy. You fell. I didn't fall. It was tripping. Yes. Was you tripping over your own skates? Get your f***ing raws off. Ilya's lips quirked out. I was planning on it. And now Shane had a bite back a grin. He rose to his knees. Then stood still Mattis Hell. Ilya had totally tripped him. The crowd was booing cursing Ilya's name and Shane got up in his face, stopping an asshole, stopped falling down. Hey, can I ask you something? He had asked as he walked to their cars after arriving home from a road trip. No, I used to go meet up with your mystery man every time we played in Boston. But now you don't. This is his friend, Hayden. We broke up. Shane said it quickly and uncommentingly. Uh huh. But you've been driving an auto-adjursy a lot this month. Yeah, my parents lived there. I've been on visiting. Your parents have always lived there. And they drive to Montreal even more than you drive to Ottawa. So I have another theory. I think your mystery man is Ilya Rosenoff. Shane had been flooded with a mixture of fear and shame, but also a relief. He didn't say anything until they reached Shane's car and then he'd blown out a breath and nodded. He didn't had blanched. Holy f**k. I was sort of joking. Are you for real doing stuff with Rosenoff? Yes. Shane, this is not good, buddy. It's not ideal, no, but I love him. It's a good cause, I suppose. Hayden said, I apologize in advance if Rosenoff has a black eye for the press conference. Please don't punch him. I'll make a deal if he stops being a f**king dick. I won't punch him. Shane Grimiss. Ilya was definitely going to have a black eye tomorrow. They have their press conference together. The room was packed with people who were dying to see what announcement Shane Holland or Ilya Rosenoff would be making together. Shane wasn't sure what rumors had been stirred up by this press conference, but it was time to end the suspense. They had a degree that Shane would do mostly talking Ilya was by no means shy, but Shane knew he was uneasy making long speeches in English. Besides Shane wanted to make sure everything he said was both in English and French since Montreal and Ottawa were bilingual cities. Ilya and I have been competing against each other for over eight seasons. A lot has been said and written about our rivalry about what makes us different as players and as people. But I don't say enough how much I respect Ilya not only as one of the best players in the NHL, but as a person. He has a great leader, a fierce competitor, and an amazing goal scorer. A fierce competitor. He's so fierce. And he makes me gag. But over the years I have also he turns into Jommelie. But over the years I have also gotten to know him off the ice and I consider him a threat. I can only say my parts in English. He smiled which made the audience laugh. This is not in the notes, but I just want to say that the arena foundation is named for my mother. She battled depression without help for many years. She had no support, no medical treatment when she she didn't think. He just reached out a hand and placed on Ilya's forearm where it rested on the table. He hadn't expected Ilya to say any of this, but looking at Ilya now Shane knew he needed to say it. My mother died when I was 12 years old. She lost her battle. This foundation is for her. It's to sell people like her so they do not have to fight alone. Ilya a side and stepped inside and Shane opened the door. Good press conference guys. Hey, and said as he showed past them towards the urinals. Sorry about your mother, Ilya. That sucks. Ilya gave Shane a look that said this is your best friend. Shane ignored him. You think it went okay? Shane asked him for sure. It's like powerful, right? Rivals compete coming together for a greater cause. I mean no one in that room knows you guys are all in love and shit. He finished at the urinal and went to wash his hands. But the way you were looking at Ilya Shane, I thought people were going to figure it out. I thought you were going to start sucking face in front of the whole world like Hunter. So they're also like they're going into two different areas. Like one of them is like going to Chicago and like they're traveling. He pulled out his phone and chucked the time and a message popped up. Don't leave without saying goodbye. Ilya wrote back right away. Never. He had a surprise for Shane actually. He had a book to room in this hotel. They had less than two hours before Ilya needed to hit the road. But after years of practice they were good at making the most of an hour or two of privacy. 1126 he texted and waited for Shane's reply. Shane seriously best news ever. See you soon. Ilya chuckled, sat in a alarm on his phone and went to meet his boyfriend. And then there's like an after epilogue. It's like my dinner with Hayden. But the whole time it's just like literally like Hayden being like, you're dick. And Ilya being like, I can steal your wife. Your wife was too hot for you. He didn't say that. I thought they were going to end with like a proposal. It opens it up for there to be a second season of the show and a second book though. It was good. It was cute. I like how endearing it was. Yeah. That's the best word I was right. It's endearing. I don't think I like left this being like, my mind is opened. Oh, you still hate gay people. I still hate gay people. My mind has changed. This is open, brought in my horizons. No, I think it's like really endearing. And it was like a nice book to read in like I haven't read a romance book in a while. Because I feel like they are all kind of the same and have gotten boring. And I've kind of just been disappointed with a lot of them recently. But this one, especially because there's a show tied to it, I'm like, wait, cute. And then now I get to go and watch the show. And I feel like that's fun. Yeah. And I think there's a lot of people who will. I feel like it's because it is like cuter than making all the things. Right. I think it's also fun that there's like a gay sex. A gay. I think it's fun that there's gay sex. I think I'm Nicole Raffi. I think it's fun. And I think gay sex is fun. No, I think that it's fun that like gay people get on like hot show. That a bunch of people are going to be interested in that are not just gay people. Like, you know what I mean? From what I hear, people compare it a lot to challengers. I want to watch the show. I'm going to watch the show tonight. You're watching tonight? Well, like an episode maybe. Okay. Like tell me. Here's one of the things I really loved about this book. Nothing tragic happens. I love that. Yeah, I will say nothing tragic. Like, no. There literally wasn't like a like a climatic. No. There were a ton of climats. Sure. There weren't a lot of climats. I think I'm relieved about that because every book that I read something really bad happens. Like I was waiting for it to be for Ilya to be like, fuck you, Polynder, like go. Yeah. I don't need you anymore. Like I'm going to go be with a woman and then he like gets a girlfriend and like maybe a pregnancy scare or like something like that. Like something really bad or like someone gets out of it and it's like really tragic or like hate crime or something. Or it to just be chill. Yeah. Like nothing that I mean they have like a little like distance moment in there. Right. But nothing nothing so bad that it like puts a pit in your stomach and you're like this is like like they literally can't end up together. No. Because like that shit was like so fuck you. No, I was like wow that was actually so nice to read like because in all the romance books I read it it's really really good. It's really really good. It's really really good. It's really really good. And it's so deeply horrible happens and then they're like they make up really fast. And then the epilogue is they're engaged. And I'm like it's just tired. This felt good pacing wise. Right. I mean like besides the fact that we started with a sexy and have a sexy and every other. Sure. It's a good book. I recommend these books if you're like an anxious person. I will agree. I generally do mean that because if you want to read something that is not going to make you anxious about how it ends you know that there's going to be a happy ending. Yeah. And you're like oh I'm not going to read about someone getting hate crimes. That's the pretty generally like that. I actually completely agree. That's a really good point in the whole. Okay. Jake where can they find you? You can find me on Instagram and take a talk at Jake that's your underscore and on Twitch at that's your Jake. Where can they found you? The goal. Why did you do that? What do you do? Are you mal? What I said. Yeah. Wait, wait, let me try it. Okay. Let me try what you do. Let me try saying what you do. Wait. How does this start? Okay. No, no, you try. Okay. If you like this make sure that you leave it a like because it helps me out so much. And also leave a comment. What do you think about all the pre- No, it's not. Did you like it? Did you not like it? Make sure you subscribe if you want to be nasty. If you're not, you're disgusting. Also make sure you ring that bell for a note. No, not ring that bell. Also make sure that you. Also make sure that you. I literally hear it all the time. Make sure that you subscribe if you want to be nasty if you're not. You're disgusting. Also make sure that you have your bell note because it's all in the same time I post your also our girl. Girls. If you want to follow me on my Instagram Twitter, do you want to subscribe to my Instagram? It's at Cole Raffy. If you want to follow me on TikTok, then I'm gonna nicky nasty. I'm gonna go. Hello. Because I have to put my hand on my pants.